test:  return a list of the given clauseelement .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the rfxtrx switch .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  maps the results of the supplied dictionary .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating chart records source from array-like list of arrays .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach total_watchers voters representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   total_watchers
truth:  attach   votes

test:  add theming locales to the queue .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   locale

test:  encode the given template name as its template .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  return   try
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert a path to a directory .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  file   a
truth:  convert   path

test:  open a file in the reading and return its full path .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  returns   open
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  remove a policy from the specified user .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  return   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  scale and convert a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  get   content
truth:  null   bottom

test:  implement a screenshot .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run a program and return its path if it has been executed .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  start   download
truth:  if   path

test:  request to have entrance exam as entrance exam .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  override this test with a class that should provide .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  null   null
truth:  redefine   null

test:  decorator for job methods .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project and project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  parse a date format as a string .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  function   function
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  configure   install
truth:  install   install

test:  converts id into a beaker path to a recipe id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   task

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   homepage
truth:  null   home

test:  returns a largest saturation of an undirected strategy .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  change the group and initgroups for a group .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  get   null
truth:  process   process

test:  this creates a list that seem the current node and creates a list of the parent .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  list   map
truth:  set   a

test:  escape a string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  escape   a

test:  inner covariance matrix for white on columns .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  extract   compare
truth:  null   covariance

test:  only succeed if the given value contains a given value .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  find the indices of a tree matching the given tree .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  find   null
truth:  indices   indices

test:  clear the session from the database .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  forgets   handler
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   test

test:  fix various lines .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  fix   line

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   asserts
truth:  check   check

test:  split a string into a dictionary of bytes .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  null   a
truth:  split   split

test:  execute the container .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  run   run
truth:  null   logic

test:  get a signed file url from a file .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert request .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  request   request

test:  dont start time .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  private function for indexing and forest .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  function   search
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a number of perticular items on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  return a tuple of the elements of the given shape .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get the list of objects of an object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  get   print
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a integer cost .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  build a supplement from a string or a list of patterns .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  take   a
truth:  build   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  max [app]/translations/[lang] .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   max_staleness
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task start time slot page .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  to   doctest
truth:  start   start

test:  credit: ordereddict from the original sample .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  yields   null

test:  return an integration manager from the registry .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to get the value from the request or session .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  return   function
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a wrapper for shutdowns .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  define   factory
truth:  defines   null

test:  check if a network version is a readable version of net .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list servers servers for haproxy backend .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  list   wrapper
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  a version of pythons files and return them .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  function   set
truth:  go   null

test:  return a file hash for the given file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  swap the case of the matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  matched   swap
truth:  swap   swap

test:  solve a system function .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  outputs one of the latest number of each period of a given string .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  click   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  reissues and sets the unusable password .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  sets   view
truth:  null   login

test:  compute square-free norm of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  refine   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  executes the correlation matrix x .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  fix   returns
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume id .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  press the keyboard button for volume volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   press
truth:  press   press

test:  remove paths which are added to the path endpoints .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   endpoints
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  returns a list of non-zero tokens that are tgrep2 in the order of a maximum course .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  test packagefinder pretty print reader to command .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  password   format
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  return norm of 1d array .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  null   graph
truth:  compute   compute

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  turn   dictionary
truth:  given   null

test:  take the value passed to the destination setting .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  take   null

test:  convert a sequence of ascii pairs to bytes .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  simplified   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates multiple threads from a thread .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  supports   a
truth:  shuts   null

test:  get the version of the single module .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  use   null
truth:  returns   version

test:  return the class name .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  null   return
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shut down the system .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   display
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  sorting sorting to take in multiple images .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  string   null
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-deploy-canceller this action is intended to provide cleanup for any openshift deployments left running when the job completes; this step will allow you to perform the equivalent of the
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup sidebar .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  setup   service
truth:  enable   enable

test:  generate a random password from the supplied password .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the path to the right-justified action .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enable deinterlace filter filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  wrap a csrf request with an api .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  null   request
truth:  null   api

test:  wrapper function for to_balance .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  run   run

test:  set the logging .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  use   use

test:  return a dependency object for the given python directory .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  get   path
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  returns true if the slug can be cast to a numerical .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a key/value pair in couchdb .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  custom greeting of the device .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  record   remove
truth:  turn   a

test:  assert that an object is valid .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  check   asserts
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert native object into a python set .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  create   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  two nodes to a dominating set .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  sets   options
truth:  finds   a

test:  remove small objects .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  connected   remove

test:  returns the url to the redirect to the given section .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disable an object by name cli example: .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   factory
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  build a directory that will be used as a module to extract the current user root .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  order   a
truth:  null   null

test:  update an sqlite3 echo file .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  applies   set
truth:  set   x

test:  return a sequence with elements in a sequence .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  convert   seq
truth:  create   dask

test:  get a value from an ismaster .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  get   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  formats a list of fragments for a given family .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a mock script to add a list of tuples to the output .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  given   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_params_and_context
truth:  expected   null

test:  gets an object of a django form class and populates its fields .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  get   null
truth:  form   form

test:  convert a file path to a folder by preserving the folder .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  file   null
truth:  if   null

test:  clear all unique view .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if port is specified .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of the graph that are floyd .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  match   a
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a data structure format and return a dictionary of data objects .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  debugging   appstats
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  return a target_update-compliant .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  return   argument
truth:  replace   a

test:  returns the path of the page paths to given config .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  get   join
truth:  return   return

test:  return information used to the metrics account .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  shared   a
truth:  set   up

test:  call a function .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   method

test:  given an email address .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  to   null
truth:  look   up

test:  use only to provide qualifier .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch legend for a legend .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  show   show
truth:  function   function

test:  the function to prepare the fake timeouts to it .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  sleep   sleep
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  list of modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  print   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  loads an object from a pickle file .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  load   a

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  remove a value from emerge_default_opts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  remove   latex
truth:  latex   latex

test:  display a line index .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  display   display

test:  sets the current line number of the latest sqlite .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  sets   role
truth:  update   update

test:  calculate deltas for each train/test front of a list of final fitness .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  writes an error message to the given error class .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  null   error
truth:  checks   a

test:  flag an object by name .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  return   a
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the list of bits that are not used to filters: .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generates a unique group in group .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  private method checks for spider and optionally calendar .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  yield all dependencies of a target cube .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  null   context
truth:  compute   compute

test:  validates that the collection ids are allowed in the collection .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  testing that pairs of quotes is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get task info and retry object .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a timestamp string like a timestamp .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the line ports from node .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns equation for a set of str .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  return   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  pack a python data structure to a stream .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  serialize   deserialize
truth:  object   object

test:  override and parametrize default page .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  null   override
truth:  override   override

test:  create a proxy for use in urls .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  function   a
truth:  build   build

test:  test uninstall package installed from svn .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  simple function that returns the integer profiling as a set of array .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are expressed and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   filters
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  delete packages which were automatically installed as dependencies of the path to the users jail .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   packages
truth:  displays   null

test:  helper function for get_config .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  url   null
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys dict to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a 639-1 file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sync returner modules from salt://_returners to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   wheel
truth:  sync   sync

test:  call the given traceback to pygments traceback .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  to   options
truth:  null   null

test:  deserialize any email to a node .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns an objects id for given object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  a simple helper to determine if a string is a type for a type .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   parameters

test:  check if a database is created with the given country .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  creates   sync
truth:  to   null

test:  wrapper to records .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  return   command
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert ix to ix .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  convert   differences
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns the currently active language bidi .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  override   override

test:  show helpful .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  return   list
truth:  iterate   null

test:  wraps a function or method to wrap a given pattern .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  wrap   f
truth:  null   functools

test:  get host directly for an esxi vmware host or list of hosts .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  return   view
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live live screenshot to define a screenshot .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  github   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string with markers converted to text .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  insert   insert

test:  construct a unique object .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  to   sample
truth:  reduce   null

test:  return the value turned into a string if it exists .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   psutil

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  generates   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  searches for python list in a template .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  return   search
truth:  searches   python

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  set cos .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  remove   filedescriptor
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  return a ca list from a ca line .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  time   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns true if the given line has a valid arithmetic operator .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  serializes a value to json and encodes it using base64 .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  encode   callable
truth:  serializes   a

test:  build a show list of exceptions for the given show name .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  waits for the function until no shell supports timeout .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  extracts the javascript urls for a javascript file and javascript javascript code .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  get   discovery
truth:  returns   a

test:  sends a email .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  send   null
truth:  email   email

test:  returns all sha-256 templates for a given host .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build a testcase that runs the test case .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in python 2 format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   certificates
truth:  read   graph

test:  convert a variable to float .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  function   null
truth:  casts   a

test:  context manager for setting the given output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a network acl for the network_acl_id service .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  create   updates
truth:  replaces   a

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  null   syntax
truth:  testing   testing

test:  return the binary display type for the given kind .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  create translated revision in the given document .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  migrate admission to endpoint .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  migrate   binary
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  test that you cant use connected to use list .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  test   send
truth:  log   log

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   linux

test:  returns a hash of selectors selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  mutation or update an element .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the packages as a dict:: dict:: dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the leading groebner basis for each node in g .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  convert non-central moments to cumulants functions of order of moments .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  returns true if the given object has a labeled buffered .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the usertypes access to the console has changed .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  register   register
truth:  required   method

test:  reachable calendar records for each calendar in calendar .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  persists   new

test:  return false if template is available .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  null   input
truth:  determine   a

test:  remove the named file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return netstat information for a named user .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  return   name
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a list of the entire vector of the model .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  insert a new query into the database .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  given a list of tuples of tuples .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a list of tags .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  remove the files and its arguments from the destination directory .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  return sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   sys
truth:  get   sys

test:  compute binary array for binary binary image .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  convert   iso
truth:  convert   a

test:  create and return a text from a file-like object .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  update all instances of a template by plugins .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  set   null
truth:  get   get

test:  callback to write a new option to the moving library .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  write   validates
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string of supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  converts a string argument to a continuous string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  to   a
truth:  print   print

test:  landing page for the admin editing .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  tries to guess the most recent device name .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   name
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the / / between points a and 't' .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  html output .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  expected   api
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a finite random variable with a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  projects projects .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  null   projects
truth:  list   site

test:  additional additional units for zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  displays   view
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns the object pointed to by obj .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  null   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail when a review user is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  entry point for rar3 .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  given   null
truth:  resolve   a

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  encode a unicode path into a list of utf-7 objects .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  performs in-place zoom of a numpy image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  null   images
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to decoded decoded lock .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  validate request or cloud storage since backend and check that the response has any since that isnt in the response .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  get   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get unit changes .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  gets   support
truth:  returns   units

test:  parse a debugger and return a tuple .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  given   a

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  get a list of scientific definitions for a given iterable of flist .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  test stdin with unsupported color raise valueerror .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   censure

test:  sets up the current value in a pretty .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  add   add

test:  compact the given object to a command-line section of obj .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  update   filters
truth:  return   a

test:  load scores from file .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  given   fasta
truth:  return   a

test:  provide changed changes to store changed file .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  export   payload
truth:  null   reload

test:  return the first element of a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  just check keepass keepass .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all python source files .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct location for the specified job id .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load little-endian sequence of length chars from byte .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  compute behavior of a get_doc action .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  returns   sync
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   redirect
truth:  moves   null

test:  detects a movie file in the given review file .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   a

test:  decorator to easily log entries in subarray order .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  null   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  unsubscribe watching a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  sets a new database for the current http requests .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   configure
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   find

test:  restart the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  read   read

test:  helper function to handle the sysadmin output .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  return   -
truth:  is   null

test:  commits changes .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  does   commits
truth:  changes   changes

test:  call a function with a given error .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return false if any minifier in the seqids order .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  get   null
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure permissions are assigned in the interprets field .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   transformation
truth:  ensure   null

test:  user has admin access .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse time string of iso 8601 format into a date string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generator to flatten the shortest path .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  compute   list
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can undefined result without point passed .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   scenario

test:  create a rsync options for a response .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  returns   content
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  convert a version string to a tuple that contains a tuple .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  convert   version

test:  convert integer in the integer to an integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   integer

test:  exponential linear unit function .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  using   return
truth:  null   null

test:  view all the default views .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  convert host to hex string .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the full output of the command specified by cmd .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given option is registered .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  stores   return
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all configured floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring an iterator .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  this function lists the output of a binary .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  execute   return
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  ensures a new project created with a new project .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  clean up the :func:pyramid module .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  shared   create
truth:  remove   remove

test:  drop the points from a path .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   boolean
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a absolute path to a resource .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  disables file and put the file .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   manager
truth:  update   head

test:  return sass path to system path .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   path
truth:  list   list

test:  starts a result string for a file .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  tries to resolve a route path from doctype .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  traverse   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates a new bytestring with the given secret .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  project   try
truth:  computes   a

test:  given an otu map file handle .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  list   list

test:  editing editing .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  edit   page
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a list of thumbnails for all thumbnails files in the given file .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  export   a
truth:  return   a

test:  import a dotted path given its path and a module .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a crc32 checksum of a file .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   version

test:  add a capability capability args: capability : the capability to add capability capability .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   add
truth:  install   a

test:  flip an image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  to   download
truth:  to   add

test:  return base lun name for given volume .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  base   base

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  search for all python python related files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   a
truth:  search   search

test:  install one or more arch reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  instructs   install
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  get a list of read from the old database .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  used   null
truth:  obtains   null

test:  determine if the argument looks like a casava or a version of the given header .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  return disk usage in a given path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of refs that can be used to access the server .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  return   -
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  null   parameter_type_list
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  build clonespec config object for a specified vm .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  builds   certificate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a long integer to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  scale the carving of a gcode file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  null   bottom

test:  maps makepatch information to a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  print   text
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  null   view
truth:  ensure   null

test:  track track matrices .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  calls   desktop
truth:  solves   null

test:  get the number of keys a module .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture that mocks and returns a actual 0 .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  get an iterable of selector objects and tries to find all objs in context .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  get   find
truth:  query   a

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  test that something possibly possibly a numpy elemwise with a new version .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   kinds

test:  map download using the api .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  downloads   avatar
truth:  is   null

test:  return the actual file path to a resource in the actual photo .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assign a separate lhs and then assign the x .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  null   version
truth:  create   lhs

test:  n-dimensional n-dimensional filter by recurrence of two classes .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  register   null
truth:  function   function

test:  base source file into a sample .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  export   format
truth:  get   get

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  flow   flow

test:  read each line of a file .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  files   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   null
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture to return a actual context for the cookiecutter .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  require   fixture
truth:  null   a

test:  a decorator that returns a function .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  check   null
truth:  function   function

test:  splits a dataset into it and return it as a dataset string .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   up

test:  get all defined network or raise if it does not exist .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the path is an administrator administrator finite fields .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten a list of lists into a list of lists .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  set up the pylitejet .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  initialize   null

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  return   change
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   one
truth:  scan   one

test:  test psdestimator with psdestimator .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday : pig command -- gets displayed by using :(%) .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns index array of samples based on the color space .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  click   calculate
truth:  tie   correction

test:  return the status of a scan .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  list   display
truth:  returns   status

test:  call the sessions sessions with the sessions sessions from the client out .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  if   wrapper
truth:  input   input

test:  normalize a path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  normalize   file
truth:  convert   a

test:  convenience function to instantiate an identity setting and return a tuple .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the average index of the graph g .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  repeat the timer and call hooked on the 0mq .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  wraps   function
truth:  function   function

test:  translate a shell-like pattern to a shell-like pattern .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  test gpujoin .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two matching strings .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return the currently active manager instance .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  return   null
truth:  obtain   a

test:  retrieve system state for system zone .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   null

test:  apply function using dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  gets a list of matchmark for the given string .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a json containing one or more fields to a csv .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  given   null

test:  initiate a firewall for the selected list of positions .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  displays   a

test:  check that the group is displaying a group .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  return   a
truth:  has   null

test:  ensure the snmp traps is enabled .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  returns sample sample data as a dict .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  sample   sample

test:  list all feedback workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  returns   items
truth:  displays   null

test:  construct a envelope object from a soap enveloped string .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  define a complete image from the glance image type .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  returns   service
truth:  generate   generate

test:  checks if settings are safe to subscription special requests .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  get   process
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a log color by name+data .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   custom

test:  prepare universal dpi .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  function   test
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches all configured projects from the apps and passes the given user .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  list   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  spawn one or more keyword arguments .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  spawn   a

test:  gets the database .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  index   qubit
truth:  null   null

test:  change the users full name cli example: .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  returns   change
truth:  set   set

test:  determine if all indices along an axis .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  returns   verifies
truth:  check   check

test:  kill all jobs .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  kill   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  this is a view that is called to create an api .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  a no-op and still if necessary .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  update   a
truth:  fire   fire

test:  return continuation encoding .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  make   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the cpu contains at least one or more cpu times .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  flags   check
truth:  if   check

test:  calculate the average loss of training sequence .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  null   batch
truth:  weighted   null

test:  only works on systemd systems with gentoolkit installed .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  provides   work
truth:  work   work

test:  detect whether an instance is valid on a module .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   check

test:  parses a json resource structure .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get and add indexed indexed index from the grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  downloads timings entities and stores them in the memcache .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  stores   detach
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  creates a new default element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  ensure that the named ip is absent .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  to   handles
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  returns true if given stream is a json string .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  log a cinder exception thrown by the given message .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  raise   decorator
truth:  transforms   a

test:  deprecated decorator for methods that require the arguments of the monitoring module .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  patch   patches
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  renders the best template and returns a httpresponse with the read name .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a url to be used when plugins data .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invalidates a file in the suffix_dir raised by a directory .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   a
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  tokenize input from the input stream .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  tokenize   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create a collection type for a given dataset and dataset .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return a list of height width that can ~ width .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   request
truth:  get   a

test:  compute one loss between two random data frames .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  normalizes   null
truth:  null   classification

test:  return paths to a file or path .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  return   paths

test:  format the value of a given string with the right namespace .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  override   strip
truth:  null   null

test:  a small decorator for memoizing function .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  get   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  tries to match a country format from db .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  create an application token using the provided key and set it in an app .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  create   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return a list of all the names in the file .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse a barriers response for a set of freetype .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new text block in a file .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual role .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the description of a path .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  iterate through nested sinusoidal type .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  null   fixes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format posix buffer for a buffer object .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure expressions can produce integers .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  create a grid of a set of regressors .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  array   post
truth:  null   a

test:  load a playlist .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  given   control
truth:  open   playlists

test:  return information about a resource .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  gets   access
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if filename matches a graph .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   framework

test:  modify the lua installation .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  modify   cookie
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  returns the current program .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an s3 deleter results .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of targets in the target .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute a action function cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  get a list of projects that have parents .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a largest frequency time frequency .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   a

test:  return the ipv6 address interpretation of a and getnsmac .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified permission for the specified permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  turns a kegg enzyme file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  wrapper to create an anonymous license .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   a

test:  quote a string so that it can be passed to a single argument .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete an application .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  extract the response data from a mysql error .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  test   response
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  use   resolves
truth:  null   helper

test:  store one or more pkg table .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test to return a frame class for beautifulsoup attributes .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  attributes   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload the library extension .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  associate   reload
truth:  null   style

test:  build the external id for a given product domain object .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sets the new aspect library .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  process   state
truth:  null   null

test:  recursive helper for common parse actions .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   strips
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of longer-running jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  control   control
truth:  test   job

test:  redirect to the classes in the correct view .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  to   view
truth:  if   null

test:  compute the sympy tensor product of a sympy tensor product .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create an configure service .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set a file .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  email   run
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  searches through the directory .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  return true if the given release is a release release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  importer test class asynchronously .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  test   null
truth:  mock   mock

test:  create a new folder .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  estimate parameters for an array of samples along the given axis .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  get   plot
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  apply to the versioned type for a topic .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check the source space inside a source space .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  hourly hourly data and reshape arrays .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  split   implementation
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return a file dict for given file .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  output   null
truth:  create   create

test:  verify a diff of data and contains all the expected data .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  checks   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  divide maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  return a generator of corpus .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  check   null
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  create or create an ec2 volume by uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  attach   event
truth:  register   register

test:  list the users profile .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create and return links in the given root node .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  make   null

test:  parse a composites line of a dictionary .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a factory function that returns a new event .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  like   call
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  helper to convert a numeric part of a numeric part to a string .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  return   encode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dumps an exception .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  execute linux command .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  return   display
truth:  does   a

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  display   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  calculate average your t .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  configure the kivys reactor to be created via the unpickling thread .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  create   a
truth:  start   start

test:  strips all instances from an node .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  to   null
truth:  context   context

test:  get an individual by cls .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return data in a pickle file as a pickle object .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  pickled   load

test:  setup logging for the script .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  file   logging
truth:  sets   up

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  removes html characters in a text .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  uses   text
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  returns the wavefunction normalized approximation of the jacobi approximation .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return true if the named service is installed at boot .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a notification event on a topic and wait for a response .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  passes   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  create a new triggerdb db db or update db record in db .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single receivable view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  view   view
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a package name to a pathname .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  change   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the n-th integer less than n .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  finds   guess
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether a object has a value in a dictionary .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  retrieves   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  runs pdb .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  copies   plugins
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a single request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  create a template with context .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  mock   null
truth:  return   a

test:  assert that the given index is in the product .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  yield   check
truth:  assert   assert

test:  grab the global gui environment variables .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  grab   runs
truth:  show   show

test:  check to see if the device already exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  submits a release to the next display .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  make   release
truth:  submits   a

test:  deserialize blobs from csf .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  string   uuid
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the value corresponding to a given instance label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a configuration object for the given service name .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  tag   tag

test:  create the snapshotted link .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  ordered   click
truth:  creates   classes

test:  decorator to indicate that our variable import from ast .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   a

test:  computes trivial gcd of gcd algorithm in k[x] .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  trivial   handle
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via sentry .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  consume   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  promotes a vector operator to the given size .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  create telemetry data .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  saves   data
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion matcher matches the given salt myminion device .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  find local os or raise if it does not exist .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  get   find
truth:  find   find

test:  solves lap_sparse x_i = upwards .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  function   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks up the given constraint constraint constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  register   a
truth:  return   return

test:  instantiate a dictionary into a dictionary .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  insert app engine to remote host .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns none if x is a user-defined scalar .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  returns   copy
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to mark magic default function as not a serialized page .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  open a file and return the position as a string .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a $bindir from the given stream .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to strip all files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  function   commands
truth:  strip   a

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  creates a new .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  creates   os
truth:  provides   a

test:  returns true if the windows file is a ctypes transaction .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  null   set
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all plugins in the given plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  null   update
truth:  run   run

test:  returns absolute path of current directory .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns if the category is about the discussion xblock that has access_level the discussion category .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a unique alton to the given template and version .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get an annotated object and return the result as a dictionary with the given object .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  sort   s3
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a group message .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  echo text to hierarchy of text .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  show   click
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  read raw fif data .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  read   generate
truth:  function   function

test:  add a observer to a given target .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  register   target

test:  returns a platform-specific cube_name .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  given   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns the default vlc .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  use   use

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  closes components on matplotlib channel .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  close   pause
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the number of up-to-date from the type to show a specific wire in the next class .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   connect

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the object objecttype: of the object objecttype: the dacl .
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  returns a sqlalchemy dn and a decomposed dn .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  inspect docinfo .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  make   parses
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  returns all the root messages for the given source .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  return   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  do a mutable function .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  queues a system email for a user .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  change   password
truth:  queues   a

test:  parse a yaml document and return a dict of ast .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parses   attempt
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test that installing a development function using a optimized covariance .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  start start worker in setup .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filename of the cache for bucket contents .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the unicode text of a blocking .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  multiply   a

test:  create upload url for post form .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  plugin   upload
truth:  upload   upload

test:  creates directory atomically atomically .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  will update modified timestamp when the original objects was created .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  modified   set
truth:  update   update

test:  copy an entry from i1k to i1k .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  copy   strips
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  update action status according to many task many many many times .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  evaluate the expression of a random expression .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  get   product
truth:  see   null

test:  return true if x is a uniform distribution function .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  array   x
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if n can be a selfridge lucas .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   lucas

test:  returns true if the current desktop is a gtk desktop .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  create url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the mckean-schrader score filter .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  find   helper
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  search the unix find(1) file for a specific python source file .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  find   null
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a list of urllib2 qkeyevent .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  url   a
truth:  url   url

test:  parse command line options .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  return   a

test:  give a list of page where the user has the string "all" .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  null   commit
truth:  update   update

test:  decorator that checks if an exploration is not a service handler .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a power of features to an image .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  log   add
truth:  add   add

test:  test that smtp/impa and on-disk are valid .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  file   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  return the current working directory .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  return   default
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  create a paste pipeline based on the auth_strategy config option .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   paste
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test timeit special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  write a gpio to a port .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  fix pillar[key_str] code to work with a vtk code .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  fixed   return

test:  tests that all arguments are not invalid .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  disconnect   package
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  load a layer .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  load   data
truth:  get   path

test:  return true if the given string is a gzip string .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the segment is within the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  notify   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generates an ssh key for the current request and returns an authenticated key .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  null   create
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  sessions the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  null   start
truth:  return   return

test:  list all object names .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  list   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns a filter to see related to .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  displays   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse mac address .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create and return a text object for a text file .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  load   data

test:  use this decorator to override properties from a viewfinder api call .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  to   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  calculates sha1 and trimming for stems of engine .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  to   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert an integer to unicode .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  converts   check
truth:  to   null

test:  explicitly fix a string with the given name and returns it .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  change   fix
truth:  null   locale

test:  list ostypes .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  checks that each of condition is in the given condition .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the loop without intersections .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  return   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  change the power status of the server power string .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  null   one

test:  guess the first parsed usage of the command line .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  hidden   guess
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if a string is a valid format string .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   null

test:  parses an entry record .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calls false for false .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute polynomial division sequence of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the argument with an integer and the optional argument .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  null   input
truth:  check   check

test:  attach bare returned by mapping .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  attach   response

test:  test in :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   python
truth:  test   test

test:  context for use in become become script or kill a series .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  return   file
truth:  given   a

test:  hps date .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  scaling   time
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  read in the network cache file and return the contents of the buckets .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  read   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a category for a category with a particular site .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  reverse   detail
truth:  null   category

test:  merges a dict and converts any dictionary into a dict .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   multiple
truth:  merge   merge

test:  removes a task .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  clear all available regions for the amazon thread .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  commit   remove
truth:  tear   null

test:  returns all elements of a node with all attribute e .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  function   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of png chunks .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  do   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a makeopts variable trim variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  return   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  binary entropy of a cross entropy between two distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  accepts   batch
truth:  computes   binary

test:  ansible ansible .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  construct   docstring
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  read a full path in a filename: file and return it .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  read   null
truth:  code   code

test:  context manager that asserts that an crypto object is a stringio .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   context

test:  convert a worksheet string in the form of a variable name to a tuple .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  reset the named sources .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  resets   null

test:  dipole potential to be moved to induce model .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  null   null

test:  test init .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  used to find a field with the given name from the given name .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns a tuple that contains test data and seeks .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to format an nsn number for a specific format .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  allow   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a string s to a boolean array .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  null   converter

test:  returns the configuration of the device cli example: .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a site field is present .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  export   crud
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get the current idle key .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  executes two called crossover .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  pop   checks
truth:  apply   a

test:  returns a courses summary of the given courses .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the series expansion of the series expansion for each pixel .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  sum   sum

test:  checks if the python shell is an ipython shell type .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  text   text

test:  task time slot stop page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  null   check
truth:  stop   stop

test:  handle the user using a certificate .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  figure   figure

test:  add an image to hsv space .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  color   color
truth:  color   color

test:  encrypt the given http request with the given key and http key .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get an account for the given account or account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   service

test:  true if the user can view the given model .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a binary passing string representation of a given year .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  given   helper
truth:  build   build

test:  ensure api-call in api-call .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   null
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  build a metadata .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  stops   a
truth:  null   api

test:  parse the argument token in a token token token .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the softmax of a tensor .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   click
truth:  null   implementation

test:  convert union to a and b .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  null   pip
truth:  does   null

test:  get two dictionaries .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  sequential network hosted .
truth: two branches . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   branches

test:  parse a configuration file .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a class object that represents the given object .
truth: return method class . 
test:  returns   shortcut
truth:  return   method

test:  mean squared elements of an array .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  sum   x
truth:  return   x

test:  local subtract mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  enhance   null
truth:  return   image

test:  return readonly indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parses a character .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  year variable is leap different number of *val* *val* .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  load manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  load   null
truth:  update   update

test:  a template tag that returns the inlines .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  using   html
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all available averaging averaging to this minion .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  change the owning uid and gid of the current process .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  change   change
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return true if the number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  if   test

test:  connection connection information to the database .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a given renewal needs to be run in the windows is gumbel .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  gets the quick test axis .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   use
truth:  gets   null

test:  creates maximal bipartite bipartite graph for factor and g .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raise an exception .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the largest prime of the nth kind .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  updating   factory
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return bytes encoded in the string s .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  using   unicode
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test reactive reactive attributes .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   reactive
truth:  test   reactive

test:  enable masquerade on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   uninstall
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  return file content as string from the file named in os .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  read   content
truth:  read   read

test:  avoid cookie fields in the document .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  normalizes   normalize
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  make   list
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  set interactive mode for matplotlib .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  parse a string in format response into an integer .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   question
truth:  convert   mac

test:  test that a bool is a bool and estimate of bool .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper to convert a response object to scale .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  read   warnings
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  create a new kind of mine on a chain of mine .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  null   mine

test:  get and returns awesome for identity .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deletes content that are no longer present in the content content .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  calculate the knn and weights of each row of the matrix weights .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} external dependencies:: virtual package resolution requires aptitude .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone naive .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  reboot a system domain .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  parse the command line .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  this function looks up the torrent .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  null   null
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  convert a string to a chunk of bytes .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  return   up
truth:  encode   a

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement and delete it .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  prompt a user to choose a list of answer .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  ask   question
truth:  based   null

test:  square-free list of univariate polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create an expression for a positive integer n x with padding .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the http thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return information about the device .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  list   function
truth:  get   get

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  configure   install
truth:  install   install

test:  takes a pem string and returns a pem string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return string of metrics for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  change   change

test:  execute the command and return the output of the command .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  execute   run
truth:  run   +

test:  simple message .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   wrapper
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a string .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a url and prepends the site_url .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  helper function to write a log file for the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  write   file
truth:  log   log

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  print the product item .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  parse   download
truth:  displays   a

test:  gets time in milliseconds since a human readable string .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if the specified module is importable .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  null   os
truth:  if   check

test:  harami pattern .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  modified   null

test:  select a different host based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   attempt
truth:  select   a

test:  wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  compute the composition of out_path: decomposition of f in a set of dicts: .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  null   data
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a list of codons in proxy_types: to arbitrary codons .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute multinomial loss and inline loss .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  function   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  get root element for a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  create an functionloader with an explicit timeout with the given arguments .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  read a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  send   send
truth:  sending   message

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   set
truth:  return   statistics

test:  creates an opener object for all openers .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   a

test:  inserts new pipeline record for the given pipeline .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  inserts   action
truth:  if   null

test:  read the tag from bti file .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  return   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  convert token source node token to rescored strings .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  shorten   null
truth:  separate   line

test:  redirects the user to the page .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  redirect   handler
truth:  to   redirects

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   a

test:  import a class by its base class and returns the class instance of it as a module .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  import   import
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the only filter out of the specified block .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  looks   filter
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  dont display the output of the current instance .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a ticket .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  submit a challenge challenge to the given challenge .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  to   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  set an integer parameter value based on parameter and a param .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  set   alternative
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a address given an ip range and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  enumerates   null
truth:  summarize   a

test:  insert an notes into a document .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  get   set
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all members defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager which changes the backprop mode on every thread which has been executed .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the binary sensor .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a layer to disjunctive .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  given   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the check .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read the pattern input and return the resulting port .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  write   a
truth:  read   a

test:  a background test with a background header and auto-column .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   syntax
truth:  running   background

test:  view a dictionary of security groups .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  calculate   security
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns true if g is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the manifest for the given version to it .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  file   null
truth:  take   null

test:  group multiple preference by one or more constraint instances .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  stream   stream

test:  remove bitlys action for process courses .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  given   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  hack to get the relevant external url for a given outgoing url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  bounce   a

test:  gets the media prefix for the given object and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  create the fake fake environment .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  bootstrap   file
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  get the path to the docker client .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  open   a

test:  parse a host from an sls or dotted hostname .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  given an email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   reason

test:  loads subject certificate and handle to handle expiry .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz layout .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   node
truth:  create   node

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  if the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  if   null

test:  popup text to an popup .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  if   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  yield metadata for all lines in a given python row .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  order   return
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the host and name for a host .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   way

test:  returns the score values from the supplied string .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a server server endpoint raises an exception .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over keys and values without dropping any from iterable .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  decorator to skip test if condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove the _clear_dict and log icons .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  given   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test updating the meta data for an existing cache entry .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  if   null
truth:  querying   test

test:  writes a file with the current block stack .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   method
truth:  write   null

test:  register a migratin with the runner function .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  register   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  computes minimum of inputs to inputs .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  null   null

test:  find common common paths in a set of paths and creates a dictionary with matching paths .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  null   null

test:  derive a virtual machine template from the given virtual machine .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  attaches   null
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  get pillar segments from pillar segments .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   segments

test:  does the directory/filename .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  file   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test moto spot .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   gateway
truth:  test   test

test:  print summary of currently displayed by pep .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  build   build
truth:  list   muting

test:  get the current idle key .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  return   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  return a tuple of attributes .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  waits for embedded arguments to one or more supports a handler and then accept a handler .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  command   null
truth:  were   null

test:  return the static index page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  rule : rule | atom | rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   rule

test:  generate nodes in a graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  setup   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a list of the configured ntp modules cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  single repo .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  move   data
truth:  clones   a

test:  return a csr object .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  name   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the softmax expansion of the least one element of the softmax function .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts a unicode string to a unicode string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  make   unicode
truth:  to   try

test:  this function checks to see if a git url is to once .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  null   things
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  create a script entry from routing format and prints the post_delete module .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  using   subroutine
truth:  to   connect

test:  this is a user we make sure every spelling .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  be   need
truth:  check   spelling

test:  computes the negative kl kl of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  computes   null

test:  computes the staff auth for a browser .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  email   list
truth:  logout   logout

test:  bind a system to its enabled .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  helper to convert a dictionary of shape to a minimum of shape values .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba error handler .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return the queryset of the content for a specified user .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if an xml node is included in the builtin tree and is valid .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  test freezing a git repository from a docker url .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   backend
truth:  backend   backend

test:  if the user is logged in .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  token   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return minimum dominating set in g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   minimum

test:  check whether text has any named matches the named string .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator of the input_bytes matrix based on its generalized samples .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  calculate   find
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  ensure   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  unquote -> ~/abc def .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build and return a string to a authorization version .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  build   changes
truth:  return   return

test:  inheriting - declaration_specifiers local variables .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test classification report with digits digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   performance

test:  return number of words in each program in the program .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   python

test:  retain a reference to a media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  lock   media
truth:  retain   a

test:  transform a textual qualified url into a list .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  ensure that when a user is created .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  creates   handler
truth:  adds   null

test:  verifies fasta and fasta scores according to fasta labels .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  fasta   fasta
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a boolean stating whether the accept header is present .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  list   accept
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves current value to a file .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a path to the current machine .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  extract   snapshot
truth:  print   print

test:  convert a line to a 3d line .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a row in degrees to an existing feature .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  to   generate
truth:  convert   a

test:  checks if the next tree matches an updated tree .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  array   method
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a cython double complex to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  use   boolean
truth:  cast   a

test:  adds a route table from a route .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replaces   a

test:  changes changes in environment vars by the current environment vars .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  array   value
truth:  get   a

test:  list the rabbitmq users cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  return   a

test:  logs a association .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  build   null
truth:  sets   status

test:  context manager to update requirements in a new requirements .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  update   manager
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get new metrics and save kind and save bounds .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  update   notify
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test that an input question is cleared .
truth: test question . 
test:  lock   question
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a status code indicating that the server is not met .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  provide the default migration for the specific configuration .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  settings   join
truth:  executes   null

test:  verify that the files specified by the module is present .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  return   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  test to ensure that hugs range works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  loads a batch .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  wrap   load
truth:  null   utility

test:  parse a string in the format returned by poudriere .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  database connection .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  set   null
truth:  make   null

test:  download the latest mapping artifacts to the console process .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  construct   download
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator to indicate that a task has a new-style task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  used   decorator
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  concatenate elements in parallel .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  concatenate   representation
truth:  join   join

test:  return a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant time .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates and returns a new instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  make   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wsgi entry point .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  null   display
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check that the named ip address is available for the given vm or none if not to be changed .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  check   check
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity for nodes and v .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new api connection .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list of support .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  print a system to the 3rd color .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   exit
truth:  print   print

test:  view that simulates a user to access a specific user .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  updates   handler
truth:  updates   updates

test:  if output is not none .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  issue   function
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics about the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  return   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  remove all duplicates from duplicates .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  the boolean should not pull request .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  null   values
truth:  test   test

test:  produces an xfs tag for the specified output .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  dump   resources
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a user has enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  set   get
truth:  return   a

test:  transform a tensor into an empty array .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  sets   returns
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic tensor variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add x path output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   path
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot the system .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  the restful handler for import to the binding handler .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  to   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of available tables cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  return the path to the python python python 0 if it isnt .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the queryset of all the given request .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a node is a transient format .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   collar
truth:  add   collar

test:  adjust the pyrax order of t .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  function   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compute exponential correlation model .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  correlation   implementation
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  output json information about a vm vm : string vm to be targeted type : string vm key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  output   output
truth:  lookup   info

test:  retrieves the contents of the linux distribution .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a set containing one or more union information .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a commit request object .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  to   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone of a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a list of mf files into different list of readback .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  sets   arguments
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the closest matches to monocular .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  escape   url
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  view that returns messages indicating whether the user has specified .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  context   context

test:  checks to see if a folder exists .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  to   query
truth:  if   check

test:  quote an args for shell arguments .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   quote

test:  decorator converts a caller function into a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  to   create
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  start watching a module .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  run   a

test:  ensure all slots .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  pull changes from remote server .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  be   null

test:  ensure that a certificate is present in majority order .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get descendant random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   parent

test:  returns the date for the xblocks date for a user .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure that the named password is present .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensure   server
truth:  ensures   null

test:  returns the last sample path from 0 .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  given   path
truth:  sample   num

test:  deletes one or more entities from the datastore .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  lift the carving of a gcode file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  transform the sentence into a restricted .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  transform   encoder
truth:  model   model

test:  mask mask for word .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  run all packages via opkg upgrade refresh the changes: database refresh if required .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  upgrade   ports
truth:  run   a

test:  reset the cuda subsystem for the current http request and reset it to the rpcserver framework .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  close   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  ensure that the redirect to other code with http 302 status code .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns all elements of sequence in a sequence .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  takes   cylinder
truth:  return   return

test:  attempt to commit the repository for the given repository .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  function   completion
truth:  short   get

test:  returns a dataset with x elements of the input data .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  run   null
truth:  produces   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a list of existing user fields and returns the form for the given user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  starting   starting

test:  evaluate gaussian approximation to the svd of a polynomial function .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  return   close
truth:  generates   a

test:  in certificate white list in students associated with certificate .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  list   map
truth:  list   list

test:  converts any given object to a datetime .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  split a string into a manner of ast .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is a string or unicode .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  returns a string representation of a row .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  calculates   handle
truth:  null   handler

test:  private method performs a blob on a path .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  centers x .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  sum   transform
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  set up a course for cohort .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  validates   discussions
truth:  given   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a group group .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reset performance statistics to cluster .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  review   performance
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  extract an iterator over a any messages .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  function   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  load csv file .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   csv

test:  get the default version of a string .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that all ['f' multiple errors with a given group .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  test   test
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test with hidden adu .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  serializes an object to a string of json .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  obj   python
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  ensure that a voxel is geojson .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   generate
truth:  make   a

test:  execute a hold .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse string containing token token token into directories .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  atom   atom

test:  ensure the directories exist .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a new vocabulary with the given css gradient .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns current form data .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   current

test:  a loop that doesnt exist .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  return   host
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluates the input data of an input variable without copy .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   inverse

test:  give you want to access a users user .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  grab   user
truth:  get   get

test:  bitsource is a unit circle .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  performs   directory
truth:  produce   null

test:  test a simple bar with labels .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  test   asset
truth:  null   bar

test:  event: ends the value to be used as a unicode string .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  forces   a

test:  a helpful expression to generate a set of sequences .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  convert   index
truth:  converts   a

test:  s3 server-side encryption hash .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  hash   encoder
truth:  using   encoder

test:  decorator to execute exceptions .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  sends   wrap
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user has the given publish .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  retrieve a list of all the locales e .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  ireport restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ec2 volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 1d convolution over an input signal composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns the storage for caching block structures .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   run
truth:  test   test

test:  move to specific position position .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  sets   move
truth:  to   move

test:  check a 401 value for a given device .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  null   log
truth:  return   bottom

test:  write summary text header .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  write   s3
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns a list of tuples to be used in listing .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the username for a named user .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  source: android wrapper .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  null   download
truth:  get   get

test:  generate topo entries and commit entries .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  flow limiting to a template .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  subtract an element in k[x] .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   a
truth:  subtract   null

test:  drop func to func .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  select   null

test:  load the original form .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  read   null
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the spectral ordering of g .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  update a vote vote with the given key .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  store   info

test:  decorator for checking if the user has an admin view .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs an interactive python interactive interactive interactive application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return true if string is a netmask .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  takes   mask
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dump a file in the given directory .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  read   data

test:  return the path to the directory .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given the reference from a reference .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  given   a

test:  list all available cloud provider data for this cluster cli example: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  check if library should be equal to the given version .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   minimum

test:  splitting the deviation of the standard gaussian distribution .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  function   null
truth:  mutate   null

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  return   command
truth:  null   script

test:  detects if a string is a valid python string .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  logs a module attribute .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  test a np .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  align the log .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  user list .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  manage   return
truth:  list   list

test:  compute a corresponding time from a raw one writeme .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  avoid   get
truth:  label   label

test:  write a list of all registered tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  is   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the specified number is matching matching matching number .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   null

test:  concatenate all files and dst .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  func   null
truth:  merge   directory

test:  help help page .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  stream   content
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates url for handlers if there is a url .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  find   null
truth:  function   function

test:  exponential x .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  null   map
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  change   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  for an object response .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  fake   convert
truth:  add   add

test:  controller to case a group of the stl activity .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  computes polynomial resultant of f in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  algorithm   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator that converts a handler to a mpd playlist to a standard playlist .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   playlist

test:  verifies if a short extension matches a specified extension .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  assert   assert

test:  first function is called by fill_gaps_generator when the queue is complete .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   a

test:  yield unique elements in order .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  null   items
truth:  return   return

test:  hash -> hylist .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  hash   a

test:  this is a decorator to working a previously signed module handler for testing purposes .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  raise an error if expected and log are the answer of expected values .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  msg   error
truth:  log   log

test:  performs the rehash cipher encryption on plaintext shift .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  function to upgrade cluster to the cluster .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  function   pool
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status and either for layer or the file .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   status
truth:  set   status

test:  get current network device object from context .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   network

test:  saves a file to the development .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  reading   sentry
truth:  imports   data

test:  autogen the archivers docstring -- should be ignored .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  image quality restful crud in the matrix .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  null   representation
truth:  insert   identity

test:  return a path of module .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  make   null
truth:  loads   everything

test:  given an explicit handler .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  request   handler
truth:  return   return

test:  fetch a context from the access to the given context .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  reshapes a variable without copy a variable .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   work
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  request   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  split   null
truth:  null   null

test:  makes the function fn so that it returns the first tree of the supplied tree .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  retrieve system information about a folder .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  get   sequence
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert s to float or float .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  s   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  create spelling .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  add   stackedblocks
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test deprecated .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds a native date to the given output .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   character

test:  callback for showing the editor .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  null   fill
truth:  called   null

test:  set the writing of self class to declarative class .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  null   response
truth:  null   a

test:  returns list with settings to which users to use for authorization and version .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries into __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  display a client .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  show   verification
truth:  null   hint

test:  get tox environment from the user by the subprocess arguments .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  return   tox
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve request information .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  return   send
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a helper function to append a list of neutron .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  update   add
truth:  compute   h

test:  wrapper around babels format_timedelta .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  calculates   string
truth:  return   current

test:  test _thread .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  to   master
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns default catalogue backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  compare   configures
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the derivative of the derivative derivative .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  stores   flag
truth:  apply   apply

test:  redirect to the current page .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  creates   redirect
truth:  enter   a

test:  update the live data in the symlinks of symlinks .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return true if the python module is installed .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  is   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test that passing a table with column names .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  ensure   features
truth:  test   test

test:  simple dedent formatter that also cause the formatter .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  dump running hosts and run them .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  is   prompt
truth:  dump   connections

test:  returns {status data to provide the given permission and their requests .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of unique elements of nodes .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   check

test:  get the line flag and m of the closest lines .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  add   analyze
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  return fetch art for albums .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   warnings
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  zero or restriction matrix .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  to   x
truth:  null   reduction

test:  task to send inbound message to router specified by router and creating the settings with router .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  create   null
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  compute the trimmed standard deviation of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  creates a dictionary from the given dict of values .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  selects the disk rdm from the device with the given hardware uuid .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  get the copy of the current sessions sessions .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  preferred   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factor univariate cyclotomic over algebraic number fields .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  map   handle
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  host   copies
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  remove   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  whether the specified user has specified account .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  sets   remove
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  file   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  a decorator that returns a timestamp .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  null   display
truth:  null   timeit

test:  separate two strings in a cryptographically fashion .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  change   change

test:  hard power down the state of the named name .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  null   a

test:  list profile .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  list   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  true if the given ip address refers to this modified address .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  transform   return
truth:  if   check

test:  given a batch of inputs .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  function   function

test:  locked a list of available services .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return down:appname class for a given class .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   validate

test:  using checkpoint .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   new

test:  add content length to the content length .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  associate   program
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  execute the arise command .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an odf digest for obj and monitor header .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a date to a locale .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   items
truth:  parse   a

test:  test using edge mask of an edge mask .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   laplace

test:  parse a list of tokens .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  send a put request to the queue .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  authenticate and returns the resolved template .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an event handler to a mattermost event .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  gets   setup
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return integer in a given number of python 3 .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  computes   python
truth:  return   return

test:  run a bash shell command bash .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  makes a datetime object for given aware datetime naive .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  make   rfc
truth:  convert   dt

test:  return the gravatar url for the specified gravatar .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  url   url
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information criterion with kde fourier samples .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   information

test:  executes a browser application on the browser browser .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  ensure   implementation
truth:  if   null

test:  simple hex hex hex hex hex hex format .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  takes   hex
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  import custom scripts .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   custom
truth:  import   custom

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  checks for checking for dups .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  prompts for compatible passphrase .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  prompts   eeg
truth:  null   utility

test:  parameters a function .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  using   decorator
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns skipped tests .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  skipped   find
truth:  find   find

test:  initialize a stream and level .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  null   clone
truth:  null   null

test:  get the path to a python stdlib to a stdlib .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  return   security
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the public url for a given document .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure a bookmark is absent on the system name : boolean force force force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  converts a string to astring .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  convert   hex
truth:  return   a

test:  return a status code to the given status code .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  to   calls
truth:  returns   response

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the length of an indexed property property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  to   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  render a formset .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  returns a new error dict logged in error .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  null   status
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  detect the files .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  null   environment
truth:  access   access

test:  check a password against a given password and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  application which cooperatively pauses 20 seconds before responding .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   application
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two digests and not apache .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  create test params which can be instantiated in params .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  project   strings
truth:  test   parameters

test:  displays a few widgets .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  add   a

test:  handles a document collision collision page .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  inspect   content
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders in the task scheduler to check for the location in a specific location .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  get   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get uptime information about the hypervisor .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  like   view
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new xor cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  broadcast a remote method that returns multiple times .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  broadcast   a
truth:  invoke   a

test:  creates a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the commit configuration cli example: .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create a brocade specific network .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  extract a whole subject from a limiting .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  function   callback
truth:  convert   convert

test:  accepts a dictionary of pairs and a containing overriding supported values .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns from the server or tab to which navigator the execution of the given password script .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  default   default

test:  parse the date from the response to a date or a query that has been automatically applied to date .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  return   python
truth:  get   get

test:  return rgb tuple of rgb to hsv space .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  convert a dictionaries to a given value or a list of values .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  null   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list all existing existing paths .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  checks   polynomial
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the maximum likelihood estimator of x .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   observation

test:  make sure that a ruby source is add'] .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if the pip module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   load
truth:  make   null

test:  set the esxi server configuration changes for an esxi vmware environment .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   set

test:  parse a pdb header file into a list of positions .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate a list of strings .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  parses   filter
truth:  validate   validate

test:  a generator of files .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  if   null
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns true if the code code is active .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   transaction
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient methods .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  default   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the named interface cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  function that will be passed to the process .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  model   a
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get the evaluated value as a evaluated .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the data into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  a decorator to perform the conjunctions of a single iteration .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  creates   information
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a mini-batch of a mini-batch of a mini-batch of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  signal a specific jobs .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  store   store

test:  send the message sending to the sessions file .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  null   notification
truth:  sending   sending

test:  finds all snippet files in the given directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clear the task and return any of the task .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  to   run
truth:  clear   database

test:  check a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  list   multiple
truth:  get   a

test:  computes polynomial terms in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  gcd   map
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  return the contents of a msgpack or unicode string or a file or a byte string as a byte string .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  given the id of a given primers .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  map   calculate
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the normal pdf at theano vector .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  computes   scaling
truth:  null   yann

test:  deletes an entity from the database .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  register keystoneclient engine .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  test user obtain function .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  generates   check
truth:  test   script

test:  fetch exception data .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  return   exception
truth:  extract   null

test:  infer the first split record in the first cluster .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  infer   infer

test:  find the directory of a finder file .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  compiler factory for the _compiler .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  checks to see if email is not not met .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  if   null
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test to ensure that items are properly parsed .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  get   copy
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that we can escape their depreciation code when a process is immediately .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  process   process
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns an open problem in each section of the given problem .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  left   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  field_req : field_id field_req field_type identifier .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   p
truth:  function   function

test:  build the test classes .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  return a a a a a a a right-stochastic component of g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  to   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  process a process and retry when a process has been reached .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  translate a list of jobconf versions to a given list of all jobconf versions .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  translate   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  error checking for the use with _pos_ .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  coerce value to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  value   value
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   method

test:  builds or create email from a field .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  subtracts port forwarding .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  restores a database file .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  simulates   verifies
truth:  restores   null

test:  check that a line contains a tabular line .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  convert   tests
truth:  ensure   null

test:  save the registry cache for the given registry .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  returns   cache
truth:  save   null

test:  returns the sequence of sequences of the sequence .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  to   function
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union : struct_or_union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  view decorator for remove_from_figure .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  render   null
truth:  print   a

test:  generate an rgb to the given power of n .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  register signals .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   register
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return true if name is an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  require an action that was just a package .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  require   a
truth:  null   background

test:  return html tags .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  transform   transform

test:  ensure virtualenv at a set of possible user isnt at the root level .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  if   setup
truth:  setup   python

test:  writes an error message and retry if the given message is found .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  write   print
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper for prefetch_related_objects runs runs prefetches on all instances using json object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  generate homepage .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   summary
truth:  generate   a

test:  list all tasks in a specific location .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  fetch   list
truth:  list   list

test:  shows all of the students certificates for a particular student in zenoss .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  get   page
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state from a state cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   work
truth:  disable   state

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate ipv4 validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  check if a server is enabled .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a new value for the given values of values of values along the given values .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  escapes *value* without adding quotes .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  null   symbols
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  create an user:pass@host:port to print categories in the specified categories .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  null   articles
truth:  print   category

test:  tests the creation of a dict .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  is   parse
truth:  test   test

test:  get a file-like object for fileorpath .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  get   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  clear all the tests for the ec2 .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a unified diff of a graph .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  diff   return
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  check   cgconfig
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  context manager to temporarily create a temporary shell path .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  module   delete
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  remove the file or directory .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  remove   file
truth:  file   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure that the named alias is present name the overlay to remove .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  run the javascript function in the console .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  parse   run
truth:  is   null

test:  return the vms status .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  check for command line arguments .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  if   sys
truth:  to   helper

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  notifies a set of structure and a set of json .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the value of a configuration key .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  settings   settings

test:  merge a set of valid keys .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  remove   one
truth:  merge   merge

test:  encode a string using python bytestring and make its usable usable .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  encode   url
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse a repository tag and return a list of paths relative to a vstacking .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  splits   image

test:  returns md5 hash of a nonce .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  md5sum   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  show   search
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate all fixed ip associated with a host and return it associated with the expected timeout .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  get   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  check whether the memoize given by in-place settings .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  construct   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  write data to a file descriptor or debug data .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  return   null
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  extract the root key for a key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  update scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  given   a

test:  either update update update or update update update or update update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  update   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute polynomial n in gf(p)[x]/(g) over finite fields .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  shift   normalize
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return true if lun id is lun .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert string to an integer .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  do   data
truth:  to   try

test:  build *offset* .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  return   a

test:  emit a color without colors .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure we can break to discussion .
truth: command history . 
test:  ensure   keys
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest code that the end of the closest half from begin .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  iterates over a mapping .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  format   format

test:  computes and height one image .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  resize   images

test:  retrieve a timestamp into a timezone-aware timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  time   timestamp
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  checks the validity of the password .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  check   check
truth:  exception   exception

test:  return a list of test providers providers .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate an pending repository .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  divide all coefficients by x**n in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  divide   null

test:  installs an event .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  encode a packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  encode   -
truth:  encodes   a

test:  a simple wrapper around the context associated with a given context .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  renders the view as an html page .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  render   render

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  set   null
truth:  create   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  check the alternative to see if the file sanity has the same file .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  supplied   null
truth:  if   check

test:  context manager to do a those leaf of the given file .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  mock   return
truth:  simulate   null

test:  benchmark score for jinja2 .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  return   virtualbox
truth:  to   method

test:  returns true if method is a method that should be used to extract the version .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   null

test:  repeatedly an axis to a given axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  grab the configuration options .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  entry point for the application .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  null   function
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return the delimiter file of a file .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  filename   field
truth:  return   a

test:  same as find_pure_symbol but for backwards compatibility .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  takes   version
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  applies regular expression filtering to an external filter .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  api: accepts facts .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  list   list

test:  consider a variable in the datastore and returns the resulting one .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  get a paths by a maximum of paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  unpack zip file to a directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  archive   archive

test:  return the function .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a tuple of paths representing a resource in a resource .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the unit name for a given unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  return   scale
truth:  get   get

test:  return an iterator that knows the sids .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get the ask .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  figure   errors
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if g is a maximal matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching matching graph .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  add a comment to sql web application firewalls .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  replaces   space

test:  handle wsgi services .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  handle   cgi
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  write   authors
truth:  create   authors

test:  convert a utc string to a decimal .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  return 1samp .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  perform   transformation
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return the number of interval of a series of theta connected to a series of month .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  inserts   context
truth:  order   order

test:  initialize the python interpreter .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert a time string to a time tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   data
truth:  convert   a

test:  store item pointer to the given numba type .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  store   store

test:  train a base model .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  saves   names
truth:  train   a

test:  helper function to launch each file in the new django .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  reads   check
truth:  return   a

test:  insert some data in the given file as a file-like object .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  file   a
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns an iterator over the python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  given   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the uid for the named user .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   grain

test:  return a list of unique paths .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a new directory for a given name .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   accept
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the system info for a given object .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  default   messages
truth:  null   null

test:  alternative implementation of the sens indent of the elements .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  test   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a llvm function to convert a bytearray to a bytearray .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  call   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  take a named name and its contents .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  named   find

test:  validate mailgun hmac webhook .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  email   validates
truth:  check   check

test:  send e-mail when a user is created .
truth: update request . 
test:  stores   user
truth:  request   request

test:  get the api url to display .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  url   url

test:  discard the date that will take out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parses a configuration file .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  return sha256 sha256 of permutations as expression .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  apply   returns
truth:  permutes   null

test:  returns a show cookie from cookie .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write the periodically data to a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  returns a list of names of plot .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  get   name
truth:  get   a

test:  change object can accept an object .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  using   group
truth:  update   update

test:  skip test if configuration can be configuration in configuration .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  skip   set
truth:  raise   null

test:  turns any slug .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  translates   converts
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   globals

test:  signal handler for when a user has changed .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns true if *obj* points to nonstring .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  validate the filters .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  returns   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return x no detrending .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  null   window
truth:  null   window

test:  return the largest integer less than p .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  float   float

test:  counts the data from a table .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  information about the registered token .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  check that fab and simplified_pairs give give different constant .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  check   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the cover wigner of the current process .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  null   gcd
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  defines some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  decorate or plot axes along a particular axes .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  decorate   sync
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  remove the named file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  renders the template at the given path with the given path .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns the first kind for n x .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  to   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  scan a directory and return the full path to the generated generated by restructured .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   return
truth:  scan   scan

test:  given a list of tree names .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  return   null
truth:  cache   tip

test:  get the arguments for the current port .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  check if two or directories are allowed .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  initializes   set
truth:  run   run

test:  return imports in the given css string .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  return   response
truth:  return   return

test:  parameters s: : int .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  null   messages

test:  test reading normal table with normal names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  if   input
truth:  null   null

test:  return minimum cost cost of g .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  convert an ip address string to a packed integer as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  perform   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  append text to a period of text .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  to   null
truth:  append   a

test:  find the ith item in x .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  return   find
truth:  locate   null

test:  prepare all svn requests for the google code repository .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  parse a template or a corresponding spec or a template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  constructs   string
truth:  takes   a

test:  given a list .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  dataframe   map
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the names of all files with the given directory .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   filters
truth:  return   return

test:  apply fact fact to supplied facts dict .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   timeline
truth:  apply   provider

test:  initialize the global affiliate .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move host and port to a protocol .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   in
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of --editable --outdated flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  returns a format string for a format type by name .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  split the requested locale string into a dictionary of deltas .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only load this module if the psql command exists .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   work
truth:  load   load

test:  jitter a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  null   a

test:  adds new to the indent with new new one .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  index   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  pca for {2 .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  convert   up
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get a dict from the values of a dictionary .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  sends a track .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get float by key .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   print
truth:  get   get

test:  decodes meaning into a protobuf instance .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  null   method

test:  regression test for a bug where the tensorflow implementation should be array .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  null   test
truth:  using   test

test:  test that e2 .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   intervals
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  confine this module to windows systems with windows windows .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  works   works
truth:  null   null

test:  define a volume based on the given string .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   wrapper
truth:  define   a

test:  retrieve partitions from a set of *seq* .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  convert   columns

test:  constructs the revision dict from a git package .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  do a os .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  generate   a

test:  checks whether unrar is a valid version and has a string .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   version

test:  returns the hash keys as a string .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns an nth targets .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  return   create
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the instance of the pr type .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  change   group
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the seuclidean vector of two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the fingerprint of a batches .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  colorize text .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   a

test:  compute an implementation of rounding and a float using rounding .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  take   calculate
truth:  value   value

test:  send email to inform user about their email address .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  send   send
truth:  email   email

test:  lsa lsa .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  training   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compares the globals of a keystone object as a handler .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a rule to a gettext rule .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   plural

test:  get the metadata for all available services .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  register a encoder/decoder for a specific engine .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  register   register
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  register   register
truth:  required   method

test:  a no-op migration for marking the grizzly system .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  like   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  send notification to all notification .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  send   notifications

test:  construct an reactor description from a certificate description string .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  convert   generator
truth:  to   null

test:  restores the state of a protocol object by equality_expression it to the class object .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   put
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the gcode path for a gcode layer .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  start   a
truth:  build   a

test:  something pidof to a call to indicate that the target ssh can be displayed on a given target .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  count   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new instance_system_metadata cipher .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  waits for the current greenlet to read the next time as the timeout .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  block   block

test:  get path path with points .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  add   points
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  flatten a set of reply .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  flatten   node

test:  returns the given files descriptor to a set of path .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  return   a

test:  adds the logged in the page to the given request .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  add   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to remove a host or host from a vmware host .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  load crypto value from a given value .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  load   load
truth:  build   build

test:  parse command line options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns a direction .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   sequence

test:  yield all per sff files in a directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  adjust pvalues for multiple bytes from a string in a byte string .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  given   a
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  take an iterable and return a list of lists containing that can be used as if you want to keep .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  given   function
truth:  given   a

test:  given a timezone timezone .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  null   time
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure the xonsh builtins is ignored .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   push

test:  fixture that returns a actual actual file with a temporary file name .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  return   a

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  show   a
truth:  get   get

test:  calculate the transfer scores of the variables in an axis .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  fetches the list of cohorted partitions in the given course partition partition .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return entry into a key .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  null   key
truth:  sort   key

test:  solves a differential equations with given text linear differential equations .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  generic weighted projection of b onto one of more node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  convert the comma .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  generate   parameters
truth:  creates   null

test:  invalidates the cms page in the cache .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  invalidates   partitions
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  combines an album object for each album on an album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  get   a
truth:  search   search

test:  compute a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  given   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove the geonode data .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   windows
truth:  remove   admin

test:  set the close-on-exec bit of artifacts .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  sets   view
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a dictionary-based mode string .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  loads a check configuration .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  load   load
truth:  find   a

test:  copy a file to destination using destination .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  files   files
truth:  copy   copy

test:  helper function to generate struct variable and not starting with codeblocks coefficients .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  build   parse
truth:  update   update

test:  get the cache location .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  returns true if the user can view courses to match the given target .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns an iterator of media files for the given document .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  embed   media

test:  delete document for a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  load an existing user by id .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  disconnect   user
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with zero zero .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  yield records .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  changes   idmapper
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: locattr locattr locattr works on top of the objects tags .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  null   objattr
truth:  null   null

test:  test edf of edf for conf .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieve information about the certificates for the certificates .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  raises an exception if the bytestring does not contain any null .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  convert between flush and write result to a groebner operation .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  decodes   notification
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a number to human readable format .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  return   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clears internal clears clears internal usage .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parses an http date into a datetime .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  private function for indexing and train it with indexing indexing and y indexing indexing and y .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  ensure   binary
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parses a dictionary of keywords using the string mapping .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  split   parses
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  deregister a check .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  deregister   permissions
truth:  removes   a

test:  helper to check for greyscale color objects .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  dump a record in the given record .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  write   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return a textual page in page .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  label   null
truth:  null   page

test:  return the default vlc .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a postgres user cli example: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  adds any instance time in the datetime to obtain the instance from django .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  translate   translate

test:  return the ip address for the given hostname .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  memoization decorator to enforce a function ensures that a specific error is never limit on success or function .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get the alternate setting for the configuration .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  the reduce provide test if we want to reduce this one .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  to   check
truth:  raises   null

test:  returns the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax publisher api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update no units .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  update   tm
truth:  load   tm

test:  pretty-print a bem for ms and notification/nch .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  set   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  converts an image to a numpy array .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  searches for type info .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  allows   character
truth:  extract   information

test:  execute the given u'invite' module .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  null   a
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  start all registered benchmarks bound to the block with the specified name .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model x: input sound .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the unicode character of text as a imap4 string .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  get ec2 credentials cli example: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  existing   selinux
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates the p-th sigmoid of the logistic x: .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   implementation

test:  this creates a new plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  returns an approximate spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset message and limit to stdout .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns a set of selected nodes in the given iterable .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  finds   a

test:  adds a new /info description .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a random participant of the given db .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a description with a given server factory .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  update opkg package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   portage

test:  return the first time of the epsilon closure .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict describing all groups on a given user .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the project description of the designed set .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  return   fc7
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the ps name for the given python 3 .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  wraps rpc rpc .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  execute   openssl
truth:  function   function

test:  return a matrix that is stored in y .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  no jobs are defined in no longer than no threading .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  multiplicative_expression   null
truth:  take   null

test:  stringify time in iso date format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  turn   time
truth:  time   time

test:  create a group policy .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the topn vector based on the supplied grid of the topn values of the verbose values .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  null   a
truth:  like   like

test:  purge all files under fn under fn .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  purge   a
truth:  files   files

test:  print a summary of a tree .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   tree

test:  completely clear svnfs cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  clear   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  ensure we can do testing with spent .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is available .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  work   null
truth:  load   load

test:  test init initialization .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   program

test:  covariance covariance in a separate shell .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  create   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  install the given kwargs handler for common char .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  to   install
truth:  install   a

test:  parse the channel mode string and return a dict .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  add   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the 3-regular petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check and convert it to a docker one .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  shortcut   steps
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw a random layout with the given layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  check if input string is a float by the corresponding number .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  map a version string to a standard version .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  null   return
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a formatted string as a time identifier for the current request .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns the unicode string representation of text in text .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that command can be confirmation when confirmation confirmation disabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test x10 validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   temperature
truth:  test   x10

test:  create a new store xml element .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  builds   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a wsgi wsgi chain .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  function   function

test:  in windows .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  null   file
truth:  derive   ini

test:  registers a dictionary with a simple controller .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  register   register
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  knows arent arent node .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  validates   region
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets a cooked path to a given port .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  index   null
truth:  value   value

test:  perform random integer value with seed and seed .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   seed

test:  parse a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  encode a python data version .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   data
truth:  encode   data

test:  test to ensure we can skip data .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  test   test
truth:  loads   null

test:  verify the setting doesnt have the same id .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  using   set
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine what items are changed on the provider .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   test

test:  return a simple graph from graph ordered by the graph between .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  inverts   a

test:  clears a session .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  removes   values

test:  returns true if the first compressor matches some compressor .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  detect   query
truth:  return   return

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the options .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  command   command

test:  perform the gender for a gender .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check for asserttrue/false .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  test when url has locked .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  set the system locale to python locale .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  list   locale
truth:  set   environ

test:  set or delete metadata on an image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a unique digest acl for a given credential and credential .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a 3d instance from linode cli example: .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that upload headers is allowed to the response .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get a flask-security configuration object from sessions sessions .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the linode or raises exception if it exists .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  loads the indicated indicated by creating and returns the path to the pattern .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  generate connected report to master client .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  report   null
truth:  null   event

test:  helper function to check if the path matches the given path .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  maps dot form mapping .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  extends   entropy
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a token: in batches to a model .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  null   loss

test:  returns versions of the versions of the specified version .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  gives   versions
truth:  report   report

test:  create a regex given its pattern .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  convert an array of zero which reencodes to a string .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  pad   pad

test:  create a new extension to configuration and associate it .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   new

test:  format a new .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  format   formats
truth:  null   null

test:  load a file from a folder .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  load   config
truth:  to   helper

test:  replace all dots with the dots and the dots .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  do   mask
truth:  null   method

test:  returns boolean true if x is a sparse matrix .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  calls a given state until it has a l{klein} .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  get   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  upload a subjects file to a subjects directory .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  create   file
truth:  set   set

test:  converts data to a set of all ties in a set of corresponding to a scalar or arg .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  index   null
truth:  create   a

test:  a hack to allow render_to_response to composes .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  breaks   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  when a case has a local file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  test   null
truth:  require   null

test:  convert a duration to a given duration string .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  parse a uid .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  given a list of type .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  input   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns email addresses as a list of markdown .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  send   send

test:  raises an exception if the given error is not a writable .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  stores   return
truth:  throw   null

test:  build a list of variables which allows us to run .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode a base64 image using base64 .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   data
truth:  injects   data

test:  returns the version of the version that is not currently supported .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the m3 file .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   build
truth:  builds   null

test:  run the test suite .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  doctest   runs
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output the given object to the template output .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  creates a cluster object .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  creates   reference
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the first matching the given interface to the given ipv6 address .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   purpose

test:  load a configuration from the specified user and return it .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  load   config
truth:  read   user

test:  invert a node .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  inverts   returns
truth:  inverts   a

test:  decode a raw uuid string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  null   test
truth:  decode   a

test:  sets users full vhost args: vhost : the policy to be performed for vhost .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard deviation of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  when a comment is created .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  save   a
truth:  stores   a

test:  build and load the given data .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns the number of friends associated with a user .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a base64 encoded string of a given number .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  same as register_admin_extension but also checks on every object in expr .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  null   effects

test:  checks to make sure the mapping are valid .
truth: gets header . 
test:  array   functionality
truth:  header   header

test:  create an external view name from the given context .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  a helper to create the randomized text from a dictionary .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extract   message

test:  infer a method by name .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   decorator
truth:  infer   a

test:  modify the url based on init .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  will turn the objects in prim .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only work on posix-like systems with setquota binary available .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  works   works

test:  return a list of namedtuple .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  unquotes the value turned into a string .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  like   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  adds against document against a given document .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  documents   addition
truth:  cancel   null

test:  return a class object which will be used to lookup an instance of a class .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get the attachment specs for the specified attachment id .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string into a datetime .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  convert   time
truth:  to   null

test:  get gcode files which are filenames .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve all the auth params from the provided request .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ensure correct open pair with appropriate close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  put   pair
truth:  pair   pair

test:  create a dynamic fd .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  null   standard
truth:  receive   a

test:  given a string and an integer value .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  transform   hex
truth:  convert   convert

test:  converts the number of bytes required by mrg_randomstreams to the next hop .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  accepts   content
truth:  content   content

test:  parses a dictionary of hosts as a dictionary of hosts .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   entry

test:  update the figure managers for a given figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  set   set

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  to   need
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the aws awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete an exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   execution
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  generate a list of all serial devices .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages cli example: .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   root
truth:  find   a

test:  decorator to decorate a function or method in an app .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  run a shell command on a remote host .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  run   search
truth:  invoke   a

test:  lists wiki documents needs to a review request .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  list   wiki
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   number
truth:  count   count

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  explicitly raises a boolean .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  text   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  test secondary rendering with a secondary chart .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   x
truth:  test   test

test:  load the copper data and return a dataset class .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return an access sandbox .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  return   callback
truth:  returns   a

test:  require python package should not exist .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   python
truth:  test   python

test:  return the list of tests for the test modules .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  create   path
truth:  function   function

test:  renders all the url for a url .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  verifies that a plaintext is valid .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  check   runs
truth:  verifies   a

test:  helper to preprocess an expression .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  preprocesses   function
truth:  expr   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  if the user has completed the htpasswd file for the given user .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  add   a

test:  upgrade the given objects so it can be used as a field .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  used   null

test:  calculate the luminosity clip of the graph of a directed graph using luminosity transformation operator .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  null   null

test:  the feature considering raises a feature .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience method for creating a validator type for a given type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   validator

test:  returns the number of seconds since the timestamp of a timestamp .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  make matched by compilationresultset .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  records   data
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  sets the image with the given image .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  update   set
truth:  update   update

test:  call a website .
truth: internal function . 
test:  handle   normalize
truth:  function   function

test:  transform an xri to iri-normal form .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test x labels with a list of labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   x
truth:  test   test

test:  walk through the author scores and get_unicode_index scores .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  use   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get current subprocess environment vars by subprocess .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  list   a
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  access an oauth token to the user .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  url   view
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a generator for staticfiles and a token .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  stream   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new security group .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  does a string .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  read a param in a text file and return a filename of list .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  returns   content
truth:  read   in

test:  within a notification notification .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  creates   compare
truth:  function   function

test:  bind data to a node .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper to check a series of origin .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  convert   process
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the dictionary of {field_index: } representing the named table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate checksum string to show oauth 1 .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  calculate   convert
truth:  construct   null

test:  return the list of the configured domain names .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a norm norm .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  null   one
truth:  compute   compute

test:  pause a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  instructs   a
truth:  pauses   a

test:  turn a list of dimensions into a single vector .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  make   a

test:  compute homogeneity score and completeness .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  finds   compute
truth:  null   metric

test:  run doctest on the doctest module .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  ensure   doctest
truth:  run   run

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  quotes and return the text .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  processing   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return source file .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  start   a
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  installs one or more source files and install a user .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  use   usage
truth:  based   demo

test:  execute an exception handler .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  send   handle
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show a list of features and their features .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  test that creating a softmax function into the right one .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  null   doctest
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  return the path to the image dir for the given instance .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return information about the named group cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  find the reduced power of a sequence .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   product

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the facebook tasks .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   facebook
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  return the singular and the string representation of the file s .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  return the split line of a pathname .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   polynomial
truth:  split   a

test:  wait for the names of the password to be either in the password .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   set
truth:  wait   null

test:  yields json as a sequence of tuples .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  creates a message folders .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the fast product of a matrix .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  cross   cross

test:  grabs port trunk details .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  boolean   verifies
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  calculate the classifier on classifier launch the classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  verifies   test
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the given target is a valid ip-address .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  compute distances along the :ref:user curve of the input curve and variance .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  emit a effects of wanted .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  null   netstat
truth:  compare   a

test:  return all and and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns information about the configured client cli example: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  grab   check
truth:  set   up

test:  change the path of the tv buffer .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   null
truth:  change   change

test:  check if the gradient is a block of block gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for a user_id that serves the patch item at the given patch .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to mark magic functions for internal tests .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  shows the broadcast users left and given user .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to limit .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  exception   exception

test:  check that the artifact call matches the given cli example: .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  match a disk in files using the device given a device .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  if   fs
truth:  matches   matches

test:  decorator used to cache a lazy result in a lazy .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  be   null

test:  service : service field_type identifier = const_value .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  null   alternative
truth:  null   service

test:  helper function to recursively collects any files in the directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  be   a
truth:  null   a

test:  write the xml file containing the xml to the named xml .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  write   null
truth:  send   send

test:  return the user for the given username .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload version of aws requests to an image - upload the model database .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   images
truth:  upload   upload

test:  converts basestring objects to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  text   return
truth:  to   convert

test:  get barcode barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  select   values
truth:  split   sequence

test:  deletes a user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  change absolute path of file .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a access token to the given access token .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  access   factory
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   date
truth:  serie   test

test:  load a csv file and then import an extension module .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   csv
truth:  import   kits

test:  generate a unique key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  c c directories .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   file
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  helper method to make a resource on a dot file .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  make   create
truth:  return   a

test:  prepare a string for use in a cookie header .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  use   null
truth:  format   format

test:  repack a repack .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  export   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  to   modules
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns a module name of a module without template .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  null   return
truth:  assemble   a

test:  checks the given numba type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   try
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test that you can connect to a lazy log file .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  evaluates a session .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  returns the docs version from version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience wrapper around c_sync to create and run the yaml graph for parsing .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  load   generic
truth:  loads   a

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the named adapted torification .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that crafted image can be loaded by ten .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  searching   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the creation sequence for each degree in the graph g .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  create   a
truth:  find   a

test:  return the matrix to filter name .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  index   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a valid tokenizer number for a document .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the last path of a collection of a file .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  patches   null
truth:  given   a

test:  verify if the socket is a valid ip .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  format the attributes for the given object .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  write an expression from a sympy expression and a project name .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  null   a
truth:  source   source

test:  break the pairwise matrix x .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get the symmetric filename .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  splits   null

test:  returns the date of a volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  parse   shim
truth:  extract   null

test:  return simple test to have two axes .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   gradient

test:  ensure tool contains exactly one command .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  edit   key
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  restructure a ovf color and b .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  null   text
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encodes string value using base64 and deserializes it from base64 .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encode   html
truth:  encodes   html

test:  takes color(s) and returns a boolean .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  color   color

test:  stop the named service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  wraps source .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  extracts   null

test:  transform messages into damndest .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  convert   commit
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if path is an executable .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if g is a isolate of nodes .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  this is a process with inter we need to process the cache in cache .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  test   works
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a snapshot .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of requirements and downloaded .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  read lines from file .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  function   function

test:  return a json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make a polar connection by kwargs .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  call   null
truth:  make   a

test:  this is the n5103060 code to connect to the inotify object .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  to   notification
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create custom metric .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   metric

test:  this function is called when the remote access to previous .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  null   processing
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run the command .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  text   null
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  restful method to reset a job status .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  update   method
truth:  null   method

test:  solve temporal connectivity with cluster connectivity .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update a point on the current point .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  update   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wraps a callback to define the file using the content of the colon .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  define   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the dovado platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  like a locale .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  make   null

test:  migrate one node .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  returns a list of comments that have been modified .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  change the specified tab vulns .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  change   returns
truth:  structured   null

test:  controller to parameter .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  view   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  execute python python python python python python interpreter .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns the access code of the api .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  obtain   null

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   utility
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  check for except: .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   one
truth:  check   check

test:  gets a list of all available programs for a given user .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: whitesource this plugin yaml: to add jenkins to the jenkins scan-build .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a packed array into a packed .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  returns   -
truth:  packs   null

test:  q all object intersections to a given object .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  to   new
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a list of the current facet classes .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  return   return
truth:  lookup   a

test:  load a extension .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   extension

test:  examines all the value in the dictionary .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  list   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new ssl ssl and add it to the tenant .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer port and return the answers flag .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   null
truth:  communicate   null

test:  validate a list of json ids .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  given   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorate a tree to a given tree .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  return   nodes
truth:  function   function

test:  aux function .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  construct   helper
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  calculate the checksum of a given sha and hex body .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns true if any configuration files changed on the configuration .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get extra specs for instance id .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  prints an error message to a step snippets .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  print   snippets

test:  rebuild node or search for registration .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  sort every integer in the list .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the minimum matrix of x along an axis .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the vdot size and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  inline an :type: .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  look   up

test:  get an md5 hash of the given key .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  computes   generate
truth:  cache   cache

test:  exercise necessary information from both the '{}{}' interface and prints out both the '{}{}' interface .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  using   find
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the path of the appened client .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  find   find

test:  get saml provider cli example: salt myminion salt myminion boto_elasticache .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  generate standard random integer within the provided device .
truth: like rand . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  formats an http code for a given http response .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  return true if the character is from the device .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  dump message into log file .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  display   use
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a synonym of === characters in a yaml file .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  function   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap a single task to make sure that all functions do not import .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  output a views by name .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  start   a
truth:  widget   widget

test:  convert the javascript translations to a dict of translations and the translations for the output .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  takes   copy
truth:  convert   a

test:  validate valid resource from context .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper around process .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  adapt specific references to a call to subtree .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  construct   structure
truth:  map   map

test:  converts a string to an sql version .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  to   string
truth:  null   a

test:  extract host from running in time-based .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  inspect   a

test:  create routes routes for a given interface script in /etc/modprobe .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  build   a
truth:  add   route

test:  reorder indices as a dict .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   levels

test:  a simple wrapper for memoizing objects .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  return   null
truth:  take   null

test:  check until an instance until it is ssh .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  converts integer to int .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  logs a context with the specified log definition .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  debugging   logging
truth:  set   set

test:  render an form **tag name**:: bootstrap_formset_errors **parameters**: form the form to be rendered layout .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   formset
truth:  form   form

test:  dump the nsfg two-tuple to individual .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  add rotation from a polygon .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   aggregate
truth:  add   path

test:  return the first epoch of the epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  join   null
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the data into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  wrap a testapp and retry c such that it tokenizes calls .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  null   set
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns the contents of a given file .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  read   a

test:  returns a mock .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  view   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the percentage of positive cases that are the same as the vim .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the contents of a fits file .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  list   open
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  mark a value as json .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  if   json
truth:  null   json

test:  returns a string like a series of sequences .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  start watching ready-for-l10n in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   start
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute a command and read the output as a debconf .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   replace
truth:  execute   a

test:  return true if the filename matches the given filename .
truth: check if options . 
test:  returns   content
truth:  if   check

test:  extracts the number of nodes from a regex in a fits tree .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  return the cached trees for the given path .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the name of the config file for the currently supported config .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   current

test:  call f with a function or 32 .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  returns   name
truth:  call   a

test:  attempt to fix the current user and return the htpasswd file .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  show a notification function .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  show   show
truth:  null   notification

test:  parses any timestamp information from the iso date upon creating timestamp :rtype: dict .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  parses   get
truth:  return   return

test:  select a source space between nodes using a group name .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns html unescaped value from htmlunescape .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   handle
truth:  returns   html

test:  get endpoint segment .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a geodjango library and create a file of the paths to search .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  an award badge has the same api .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  clears   auto
truth:  null   badges

test:  this is run once after all assets to make this call .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test packagefinder only set data and supports all are valid .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets any number of blog posts and stores them in a varable .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  take a list of names and filter names .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  reads the keys from a binary file .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   status
truth:  count   count

test:  serialize the users avatar url into a service object .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  reset the cuda configuration .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  to   multiple
truth:  populate   docker

test:  safe form of repr .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write header characters in the flv file .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  write   string
truth:  writes   null

test:  generates a set of all dimensions of a square matrix .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get gear paths of the paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the down mean of the minibatch of *x* .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy an s3 id from one s3 location to this version .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that the tree possibly correctly .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  adds a prefix to the log event loop .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  adds   cgs
truth:  change   message

test:  return a connected cluster to a cluster .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  gets   top
truth:  build   a

test:  get redis key from redis cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates a test user with super permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  null   user
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if the old attr is old .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   null

test:  pulls a form hmac for the current form instance and the result .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  if   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return a wsgi application that contains no args and are within the application .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  field_type : ref_type | dubconstant | literal | literal | const_list | const_map .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  null   null

test:  get all installed rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  extract the value of a bytearray into a bytearray .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if path can be located on this node .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   arguments
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if the snapper module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  null   load
truth:  work   work

test:  compute pivoted fraction of a matrices .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  singular   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check python 3 to unicode strings .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   helper
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a certificate to the given domain .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  computes the renumerate .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  split   null
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  loads the configuration and returns the used model instance .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  create   setup
truth:  get   get

test:  evening doji star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  null   doji
truth:  null   cloud

test:  maps keys to json object .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  value   json
truth:  value   value

test:  create a random string with (and permissions and cc .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  add to the closest from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  server   add
truth:  to   add

test:  creates a thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tests that spam can be used when a folder starts with a folder labeled base .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context request section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   aa
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  loads a file .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the status of a service status .
truth: get status code . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   status

test:  delete stripe instance .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  prevent   storage
truth:  null   null

test:  read egi data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  function   epochs
truth:  read   read

test:  clean up the service and return the associated duration of the service .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  return   works
truth:  null   method

test:  test functionality with port selfupdate .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  github   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return unified diff of text .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  return   get
truth:  text   text

test:  return a :class:~datetime .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a function for all functions .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to delete a temporary value from an object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  like   set
truth:  set   set

test:  mount a partition example:: from the filesystem .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   shortcut
truth:  mount   mount

test:  this is called by the publish_exploration_and_update_user_profiles function to throw a new exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  exception   f
truth:  exception   exception

test:  return a list of phases by plugin module .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  check if path has reviewer to the current file .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  adds a public parser to the class .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  adds   null

test:  extract cookies from the index .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  return   http
truth:  request   request

test:  helper for numpy array of strings containing ids of elements .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  accepts   use
truth:  split   split

test:  parse the elements of a sequence .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  parses   seq
truth:  expr   expr

test:  transform the list of tokens into a string .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  take   lists
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  create a single cell containing a given cell name .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  get a security group .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_numpy .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  yields all possible chunks in a single integer chunks .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  sync a draft back with the remote backend and updates the existing draft .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  sync   sync

test:  put a url back to the given scheme .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  given   a
truth:  put   a

test:  decrypts the journal to a file in the given filename .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  translates   use
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   controller
truth:  training   controller

test:  send a command to the vehicle .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   send

test:  test to ensure an operation can produce a model .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  test   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  send a message to a channel .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  send   message

test:  verifies that the user can perform a request and refresh the specified overrides .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  verifies   check
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  see graphs .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  export   books
truth:  customize   null

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert obj to a model class or type .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  check   check

test:  find parameters in the given action .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   runs
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  mark a function as emitting a request .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  gets a ccx to be used for any of the ccx .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  test %reset ip address .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  test   test
truth:  reset   reset

test:  call a constant .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  train a average/upgma .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   null
truth:  train   a

test:  send a message to the event log .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   helper
truth:  send   a

test:  returns list of admin users that have been marked as argument(s) .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  find deltas for the given virtual machine .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  find   vm
truth:  is   uuid

test:  unquoting function in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  a signal that works when the current activity activity the current site .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  send   validates
truth:  handle   handle

test:  given a given input .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  move   input
truth:  computes   null

test:  click the selector .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  create   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  null   in
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add jenkins holes to vector3rackprofiles .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  abbreviate task name .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  extracts   return
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return threshold sauvola .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  null   date
truth:  applies   null

test:  a helper to get a most outer callbacks from a given canvas .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a permission grant for the provided resource on the provided resource .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  based   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  formats a string with babels __init__ .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: timestamps set pending timestamps to the build as build .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   process
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  load xml files .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   name
truth:  load   a

test:  returns currently selected language bidi .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  selected   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run a child test on a python process and return its results .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  get   run
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  image data to rgb8 in capital format .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  return   null
truth:  read   read

test:  create a txt response for the given name and name .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for ipython .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  function   flowgrams
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  compare two strings .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  left   check
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  create a fake settings: to export export .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  null   statistics
truth:  null   cli

test:  starts a browser to a http server .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  git   changes
truth:  run   nltk

test:  stacks a path segments into a filesystem .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  join   null
truth:  null   a

test:  no operation .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  is   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a byte string that is mapped to a value .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  accessor for getting a jinja environment .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  see   filters
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to create an actual text .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  server   server

test:  return a unique id .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  do   null
truth:  return   a

test:  retry the facebook .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  server   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  get the default domain object from the provided user .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  print a list of baremetal nodes on the device .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  is   handler
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  apply   batch
truth:  document   document

test:  coerce value to a json field .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  value   value

test:  convert string into a flags .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  takes   string
truth:  set   set

test:  load coverage data from a set of broadcasting indices .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  create a loopback .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  create   a
truth:  run   session

test:  retrieve a diff object from the proxied instance by any obj listed in the dictionary .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a vector3 from the infinite line .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  encode line .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  given   transform
truth:  encode   encode

test:  a generator of lists of length n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  yields   generate
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  updates options with a key .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   status

test:  validate an could validate and similar to a given instance .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  sends   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute betweenness centrality centrality for nodes in a unit algorithm .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  return the python unit .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   run

test:  merge all returner data from all returners .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  to   start
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is a known kind .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  shorthand for method="post"> .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  takes   bivariate
truth:  function   function

test:  convert path such as possible to content .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  do   test
truth:  replace   argument

test:  stochastic stochastic controller .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts any value to a bool .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   python
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the lg tv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register a new instance of a new type .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  register   a
truth:  add   a

test:  quarter plot .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  is   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  cache the login form .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  null   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  simulate arma impulse impulse impulse and others in the console .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  create   filter
truth:  get   get

test:  subscribe a topic to a specific topic .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  turn light off based on suffix off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  turn   move
truth:  called   null

test:  test setting of source volume spaces .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  read   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url url url url url url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  make masked masked array masked array .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  construct   chunks
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a token to the auth token .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  host   a
truth:  token   token

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses addresses addresses to be the ipv6 addresses .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   a

test:  convert s to float .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  to   wrap
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  prints ansi escape sequences .
truth: string in color . 
test:  text   text
truth:  string   in

test:  alias for edge .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  return   encoding
truth:  return   a

test:  list all vms for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   vms
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the terminal size of a c command line .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  extract   create
truth:  get   get

test:  get the version of the path .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  fixture that ensures that arent arent to record secure .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  to   lock
truth:  like   like

test:  change the link to a rpc link .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  parse   link
truth:  log   a

test:  check if object is an instance of a klass .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   version

test:  return true if the distribution is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  is   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute an netsh netsh .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  export   null
truth:  changes   interface

test:  ensure that the requirements of the ssl system .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  name   custom
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the number of positive second .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  returns   integer
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute square-free factorial of f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that a list of all files which can be removed .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parses a iso 8601 field into a tzinfo field .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the export .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  write a row to disk .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  unsubscribe unsubscribe from a list .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  show   null
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  return the k-corona of the (=) of g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download translations for bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  download   files
truth:  download   download

test:  return a dict for linode ips of linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  details page: show a box with three tags .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  djangos   details
truth:  null   details

test:  find the candidates for a given directory .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the year and month and month format for the specified year .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about package_id .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  amazon amazon amazon remaining remaining fits fits checks .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  null   run
truth:  starts   null

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  index   index
truth:  assigned   null

test:  ensure an event is not a m2 name of the minion name of the channel to be processed .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  add   null
truth:  accept   a

test:  loads and returns the oauth client from the settings object .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  get   check
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function to decorate methods in order to detect the memoized withparent .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  add the specified post post to the instructor post .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  request   request
truth:  builds   null

test:  extracts the first id # in the list .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  print a list of all running agent .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   example
truth:  list   list

test:  returns x and lower norms .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  null   operator

test:  serialize a single representation of a string into a dictionary .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  module loader types .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for estimating distribution parameters params : ndarray the transformed method of moments of moments .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  updates an latest document .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  to   url
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  line number that must have a blank line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a process to the given process .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  null   process
truth:  process   a

test:  test installing from reqs .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  installing   uninstalling
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  change the username and put it to the current operating user id directory .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  to   list
truth:  set   set

test:  a context manager to temporarily changes the lines of a code .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  context   add
truth:  patch   patch

test:  check if a value is less than a list of n .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  draws   a

test:  converts value into a native status .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  returns an index of a window by type .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  is   window
truth:  get   get

test:  the intent config is to have their correct number of form .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  sum of a matrix .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt the given data with the given key and key .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   parser
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  get all warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  return   get
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return the state of a given identity key as a tuple .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  get   null
truth:  look   up

test:  exprlist : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   null
truth:  empty   null

test:  creates a new carriage to ifilenames .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  verify that all dimensions of a finite seen_union exponential x .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  throw   a

test:  unquote -> string return a quoted version of the string s .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  remove   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  given a course_key return the course and check for the given course .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   method

test:  parse a asdl response headers and return a dict .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  provides   one
truth:  to   attempt

test:  decorator to make sure that a user has a topic .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   decorator

test:  utility function for creating a new /usr/bin/service .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  send   a

test:  lettuce should serve django static files properly on django 125 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  generates the salt://<formula>/defaults and stores them in the javascript .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  use source to move source account to the remote server .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  move   processing
truth:  source   source

test:  parse the startup address .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  startup   packets

test:  determine if a loop is entirely from the vector3 loop .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  if   get
truth:  if   null

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get a schema to get all databases for a schema .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  replacing   test
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if a path is crossing inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get the log file encoding and return a tuple of strings .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  file   lines
truth:  to   try

test:  returns a list of the current registered debugging .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  null   debug
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns the right subclass for a given type .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  update the named named named named group .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  set   set

test:  clean the cached raw text .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run a function under the user-specified folders .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a comment and thread is present .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the sync version of the database cli example: .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  display   -
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  simulates a mock response to software software error .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert character string in the series/index returned by indicated encoding .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decodes   character
truth:  decode   character

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  handle the headers .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  whitespace   one
truth:  empty   remove

test:  fetch a page url for the given name .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  get   delete
truth:  look   up

test:  view called by lspi when a did user has openssl-compatible openssl-compatible .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  to   access
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a pathname in a path .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a map of the given renewal renewal codes .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  list   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper to open the default terminal to a given location .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  decorator to see if dipy is not a dipy .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  test for reproducible .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  pull out the restructuredtext id for the given database .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create and write a file to a given path .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  create   null
truth:  write   contents

test:  true if the argument can be treated as a dictionary .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the dictionary passed to python dict .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  takes   tokens
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether we can send to receive emails .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  check   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the float version .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  git   git

test:  ensure getfacl & setfacl exist .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  clone the page .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  return   page
truth:  open   documentation

test:  checks if the os is supported by the os x .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  if   check

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  calculate the text of a head buffer .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  function   function

test:  farther a rnn gate .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  null   log
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  opens and preserve a given directory and writes those corrected in the given reference .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  to   structure
truth:  null   program

test:  make sure the timeout current timeout is properly .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns the path to the home directory .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  returns   processor
truth:  named   null

test:  return a list of test cases in a given test suite .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  visit   visit

test:  find all underscore modules in the given directory and provides them as a project that is underscore to be converted to any files in the system .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a unicode object corresponding to the given key in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  unicode   verifies
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the path to the testfile command for the given file .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  return   filename
truth:  gets   null

test:  perform morphological thinning of input image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  checks the error data is executed .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  walk   build
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  test retrieving an api .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  ensure control character .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset new network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  reset   network

test:  identify characters enclosed in an integers .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify the endpoints and vmax as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a list of the theme dirs that contain directories .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   theme

test:  will store the current timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  creates an expression object .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  get   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  create user with provided staff or staff .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody connected to a home page .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  this function takes a list of dimensional spatio-temporal and returns true if isomorphic .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  if   null

test:  download zip file and return the output .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  ssh   download
truth:  download   a

test:  sends an github repository to the specified author .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  commit   commit
truth:  create   a

test:  filelinks: test for a subclass that should also skip this one .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a sorted list of sort: .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  vertical sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  list all roles databases for a postgres server .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  list   dictionaries
truth:  return   a

test:  call -> returncode run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   call
truth:  command   command

test:  test average forward forward solution .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  averaging   test

test:  given a new subnet given the given subnet .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  insert   delete
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get aws group by name .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   user
truth:  get   group

test:  for a given tost count .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return the subgraph crust for nodes in g .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert any object into a hash for use in serialization .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  null   token
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  returns true if there are no one of the qtwebengine .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get the base python ipython interpreter .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  read rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  read   read

test:  create a new sqs document by loading a session document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  can step definitions on step definitions .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  test   callback
truth:  default   default

test:  gets sid from a name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  context manager that handles environment variables .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  context   context
truth:  modify   null

test:  using the streaming api .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  write   set
truth:  sample   sample

test:  takes a setting value and returns a setting .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  divide all coefficients by a ring in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  add security groups to a file .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  set   set
truth:  modifies   null

test:  warn for the empty lines in the c{new} .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  verify   helper
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  modify a record and a record to an object .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  to   matching
truth:  replace   replace

test:  list profile associated with an instance name .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  list   check
truth:  to   check

test:  download an image from a dictionary .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  return   args

test:  return the datacenter command path to the datastore .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  return   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  converts depth into a depth array of rgba strings .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  calculate   indent
truth:  depth   depth

test:  drops a database from the database .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   example
truth:  drop   database

test:  takes a list of binary files and returns a single string of those fna .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  format   handles
truth:  write   a

test:  compute a linear regression problem with three colormap and return a dict with the input type .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check for a server:port name .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  click click .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  to   event
truth:  select   null

test:  check if user can delete an acl .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  wait for a vm to return the status object .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  assert that the contains is intended .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a flat window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a page to the given path or page .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  get information about a lineage lineage .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  update   details
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the loop with the loops .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   intersections

test:  return a list of instances of cloudwatchevents .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  sorts the list of courses that are not using the given announcement .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sorts   a

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  use ones for caches the chain .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  decorator to locked the locked volume .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  checks if the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  formats   summary
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts binary representation to integer .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   redirects
truth:  converts   integer

test:  parse an xml string into a dict .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is pyenv .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  to   check

test:  generate a uuid from a namespace .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a search dict with collection tags removed .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  writes a relative path to the different config_string .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  buckets   shortcut
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  create an or controls window .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  rendered   a
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a sequence of sequences .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  determines   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that an inherited ending .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a show report about the given report as a dict .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the prefix for every value of the prefix .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  set   a
truth:  default   default

test:  find the repository constructor for the duration of the package .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  gets   callback
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request type paging section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for step .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns the url for a given argument .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get resource from resource in dll/exe file .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  create   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  null   routine

test:  list the startup disks disks :return: a string representing the current startup disks :rtype: string representing the current startup disks :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  displays   list
truth:  list   list

test:  remove a topic push .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   subscription
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  compose a dictionary of key -> scalar .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  xor   xor

test:  return marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  extract   marker
truth:  return   marker

test:  a little helper to unsigned zero and zero .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get current media descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   media
truth:  get   get

test:  unpack the offsets code .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  returns   a

test:  encode a list of bson .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  parse the contents of a service into the database .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  print   print

test:  find size of filesystem source files .
truth: utility function . 
test:  return   need
truth:  function   function

test:  convert user to rational as rational format .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  performs a redirect redirect to the given url .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   titles

test:  use calling the theano class with theano parameter .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  returns   strips
truth:  tests   tests

test:  transform array of floats into a set of floats labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  import   data
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  download data from a url to a chunk of response .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  reverse a playlist .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  retrieve   try
truth:  order   order

test:  compare the path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  select   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  return an iterator over zero at iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  return the given language name .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compiles all controllers in the given folder into the given folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   null
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return a datetime .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  converts   configure
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path to the default path .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  runs   console
truth:  provide   null

test:  prepare the md5 hash of the focus and string .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  package   md5sum
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  prints a few nonrepeated to stdout .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  simple error helper to limit limit to certbot .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  prefix   a

test:  build a fake config dict .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  stores   config
truth:  null   section

test:  show all standard util .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  run   one
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  corrupts the original original config dict and returns a dictionary of key/value pairs .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  add   config
truth:  to   add

test:  initialize a nice structure on the device .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  if   null

test:  copied from a private key and write it to a private key .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  read   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  requests certificates for certificate certificate .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  endpoint   handles
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  return the absolute path to a resource on the master .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   path

test:  converts a row element-wise examples to a dictionary .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  takes   val
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with noheader .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  merge outputs into a 2-d tensor .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merges   merge
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  indicate that accounts from settings are allowed .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  does necessary setup the life if necessary .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  returns   send
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable and contains iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function returns a list of all files found in the given folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  files   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generates information for the intermediate loss and desktop desktop .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  computes   iterator
truth:  computes   style

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears events dont start and fake handlers .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  test that galambos .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  test   test
truth:  write   a

test:  return an iterator over markdown .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  given   null
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the available public weather sensors .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  access   access

test:  call the command .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  return a list of unique fields in the csv list .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  figure   figure

test:  escape & .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replace   escape
truth:  replaces   new

test:  clears a ccx field for the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  clear   delete
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  chain a blaze expression into a tree of all possible expressions .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  to   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the argument decorator .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  mock   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a queryset of the given dns records .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  get   errors
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a version from v1 .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  is   diff

test:  return the absolute version of a path .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  enable the trace hook .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  list   use
truth:  call   pdb

test:  returns an entity service object for the given service .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  is   a
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  cleanup temporary directories .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   temporary
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  list transfer of a remote host using napalm .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  downloads   response
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  given a url and a path .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  replace   updates
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  do   null

test:  convert an object to the corresponding objects for a given object .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   in

test:  create a timeseries from a series of its average arrays .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test effects of effects given by nltk .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether an object is an instance of a built-in type .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  just returns a string as a currency string .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a list of the calculators available on the minion cli example: .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  wait for a key in etcd to be run .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  custom formstyle for formstyle .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that something expressed in the right distance are properly .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   issue
truth:  check   check

test:  escapes a string for use in a url .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  given   decodes
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  new record controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  remove any attribute in the package name from the package .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  create   report
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  class decorator to add them to an existing class .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  returns   metaclass
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy data from a source file .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  null   null

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  turn   return
truth:  null   number

test:  flatten a series of text .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  flatten   format
truth:  convert   app

test:  return the mako docstring .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  retrieve   place
truth:  fill   a

test:  return configuration directory for the project .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all tables from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator to convert an ssl_options ssl_options to an ssl_options .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a url to the previous url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if incomplete upload file is small enough files .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  if   download
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  search a set of query bounds .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  function   search
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  display information about the state for the given pillar and pillar data .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  handles the number of graph .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  run   helper
truth:  list   list

test:  sample weighted sum of samples by scaling a series of weighted values .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  deprecated   sample
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read 16bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   parse
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run before displaying the next code hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  run   run
truth:  executed   null

test:  retrieves single volume type by name .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the generalized gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a dictionary implied by user: a dictionary .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  add a function to the queue if it should be used .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  add   a
truth:  bind   cli

test:  checks if a file does not exist .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of valid rfc2822 text .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the characters in the current methods .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a directory .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  return   null
truth:  starting   starting

test:  the directory that doesnt exist .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  like   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  to guess an base tree corresponding to the given tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  transforms the given clip into the directory of each other value in the source .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  record   null
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  return a filter to check if a group is being created from a cg .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of all jobs that contain a users incrontab .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  runs and display the first flow flow .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  converts the given data structure to camel components .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  name   convert
truth:  convert   snake

test:  function called by the function methods in order to a function .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting completion for bash shell script .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  inline   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test javascript javascript and files for external files .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  null   step
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator that should be routed to require http required functionality .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   fallback

test:  return a dict with the current value for a site .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  preprocess all parameters .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: validating build parameter for validating validating named build parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate the longest model .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  null   input
truth:  null   eval

test:  given two instances of events .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  creates   post
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  get the outer facet items .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  de-allocate a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return v1 == v2 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  determines   enable
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  we try to mw -- the full search for a given keyword arguments .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel release complete section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  null   mode

test:  return a record as a constant .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   converts
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  return the matrix of the matrix n by n .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert aware datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  make   return
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion completion for fish .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  dump   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  expand one or more pathname components .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  does   expand
truth:  provides   null

test:  patches that simulates a document with a buffer to another key .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  dedent   null

test:  returns the full path of a path .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  return   path
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reset the cache for the given language .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  cache   download
truth:  reset   reset

test:  splits the given string into multiple tuples .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  given   null
truth:  split   a

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   enzyme
truth:  parse   cell

test:  import error node .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  return   in
truth:  if   check

test:  orv == orv == orv(intersection) .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  checks   unification
truth:  null   orv

test:  expect an element in a collection .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  creates   runs
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  convert the dictionary of attributes to a dictionary .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  run patches in a stored content as if it was generated .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  return   content
truth:  return   return

test:  testing when given features is passed with features .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  test   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  uses shell32 command to return the file output .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  gets   log
truth:  run   run

test:  remove all files .
truth: many builds . 
test:  list   remove
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates a new database connection .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of warnings names sorted by invalid urls .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  domain   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  ensure the named key is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  check   check
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to mark a function to be run outside a transaction .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return minimum cost simplex of g .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  create the inheritance theme for a given themes and themes .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  name   name

test:  recommend common recommendations for brands that are common .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   top

test:  get the lists of the gcode text .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  =   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of option names .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message usage:: log log usage:: log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  wait   print
truth:  log   log

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   multiplication
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return a list of all available boot cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   users
truth:  return   return

test:  send system manager to system .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  send   multiple
truth:  add   a

test:  extract the version from the __init__ string .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  return   user
truth:  extracts   null

test:  runs a wsgi application .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  returns the correct plugins .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  if   authentication
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs to fasta with specified line .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   seqs
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the list of the events that can be used to access the server .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  return   language
truth:  generate   generate

test:  lists the rabbitmq plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test _get with a bucket that has been modified by bucket .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  test   test

test:  checkout json data to python and bytestring .
truth: compress json . 
test:  output   null
truth:  compress   json

test:  save sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  import   manager
truth:  make   null

test:  writes a srt file .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  creates   content
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use netmiko to change the logging buffer size on pynet-rtr2 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  computes a dict of the dependencies that are usascii and the ones that will be automatically applied to get the current dependencies .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the parent value can be embedded to another job .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  derive   get
truth:  null   null

test:  return the length of a field .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  function   process
truth:  return   return

test:  locate the vmx and the result for a given datacenter .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a filter name for a given title .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   function
truth:  filter   filter

test:  takes a list of order like this: and returns them .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  order   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  given an exploration and a list of answers .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  lowest and highest values .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  null   decodes
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  use   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stops   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  initiate a coach .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  to   view
truth:  set   set

test:  test verifies verifies that are shown and tests are shown .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return isframe instance associated with the given numeric type .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process files for files to pixel .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   checks
truth:  process   process

test:  return url for the request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of compiler filters for the given config .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  remove   filters
truth:  given   a

test:  checks that sample ids are duplicates and more duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  checks   barcodes
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  downloads a simple example with bad xdg_download_dir .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  downloads   downloads
truth:  if   null

test:  a thin wrapper around a single filepath .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  null   translate
truth:  clone   clone

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes of the graph nodes to output nodes of the graph nodes .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  returns   shortcut
truth:  uses   uses

test:  validations validations check to ensure our event was able to show correctly .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  null   test
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure the subnet group exists .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  parse an http request .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  is   parse
truth:  try   try

test:  table with twoline table by col data .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  input   input
truth:  fixed   null

test:  compute the dot product between two arrays .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all the results of the given block_structure .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  create a new task with a given task .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   property

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  merges includes code into a dict with overriding information .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  ask   language
truth:  merge   merge

test:  prompt the user to provide a variable and the value of a user .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  read   setting
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  sort a full property containing a list of elements .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure we can do unique .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  verifies   generate
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   one
truth:  saves   one

test:  remove the website from iis .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a slice of given bounds .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse udevadm device info as a dictionary .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   output
truth:  parse   parse

test:  restore intervals for the pwnlib .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  drop   config
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the attenuation matrix for an array .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the *nix user .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  require   null
truth:  project   project

test:  helper for root_symbols .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  to   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  only work when no dependency is installed .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  a task that yields all of the dependencies of a repository and merge the dependency dependency .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   inspect
truth:  return   a

test:  return the python version string with python version .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string specifying the bundled version of pip .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test dimension exception handler .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  dimension   test
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  check if files in a list of files are present .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  file   file
truth:  if   null

test:  receive use request .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  called   polynomial
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing data and a domain description .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the cliques graph of the connected graph .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  filter data using chance with fastq log filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  builds a single port spec .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  get   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  limit an authorization url to redirect to the given url and excluded url .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  have   null

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  callback invoked when the server is built .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  validate a color .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns the given summary of the given exploration ids .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  turns object into the given object .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple wrapper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  provide the application to ensure it isnt working .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  enables   runs
truth:  import   import

test:  run a salt job and return the result as a dictionary .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  create   a
truth:  name   name

test:  train a new model .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  test   point
truth:  null   example

test:  provide a slice of the expression .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  function   function

test:  starting a process with detached .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  starting   starting
truth:  starting   starting

test:  decorator to make a function needs to be run in a review .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  skip   a

test:  returns a list of flat tags from the given list of tags .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  split   escape
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount zfs data as a new reactor instance .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  mount   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  return the repr of the repr from a flag .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  return   x
truth:  return   description

test:  split a set of tuples into a map from each entry in sequence .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yield all files under the given roots .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  return   null
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  store the current deployment and store it with the user umask .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  write   listener
truth:  null   salt

test:  verifies the specified file is into the directory .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   isactive
truth:  setting   setting

test:  add fake code to original !!omap .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  null   search
truth:  null   null

test:  setup sudoers for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  bench   firewall
truth:  add   commands

test:  test reading and changeset_revision of the occuring occuring .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  converting   test

test:  assign a numpy array to a different format function .
truth: aux function . 
test:  does   find
truth:  function   function

test:  return the html for the static settings .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return data array with given shape and np .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  allocate   a

test:  save task definition as new task .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  save   use
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any unicode string to become a string to become a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a vastly simplified ssl socket .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  ensures   arguments
truth:  given   null

test:  a decorator: provide implementation for the rpm command-line implementation .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   convenience

test:  check if the simple sidebar is present in the cache .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  to   check
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get a list of users that have been attributeerror .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  remove leading zeros from f in k[x] .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   null
truth:  to   null

test:  deletes tags from an elb .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  add   add

test:  sets an image into a widget .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all cgsnapshots .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  whether the restapiid restapiid has gone access to the repos .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  return   return

test:  swig_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  null   target
truth:  define   null

test:  runs main command-line options .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  puts   sets
truth:  null   level

test:  link to the bokeh github bokeh documents in the book .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  to   pylint
truth:  to   link

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   waits
truth:  define   new

test:  given a valid set of values .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  given   tshark
truth:  null   null

test:  test functionality that have a db .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  to   create
truth:  null   database

test:  do a list of normalized values for the learning alignment .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  mock   environment
truth:  write   a

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create keyring .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   keyring

test:  returns the url for the current request lifecycle .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the type spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of path items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds caching caching to a response with some of the specified headers .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  caching   set

test:  check if a given node is eligible for eligible .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   check

test:  returns the xblocks gating gating for the given course .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the ca ca ca path .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  compute adjacency within distances between points of distances .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  source   states
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a datetime to a datetime .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  display   a

test:  compute gradient of the least-squares cost function .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  multiply   f
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  generate a random string with the given character and allchars .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  sample documents .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  function   test
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  marks up the returned function as a eager version of a class .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  removes a directory .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds the number of numtips to every node in tree .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  return   translate
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  set the database to build a new connection .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   defaults

test:  a context manager for locking an alternate file descriptor .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  stub   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a basic example is a little more advanced .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   room
truth:  null   a

test:  specifying the stack is not not not a class .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  default   stack
truth:  stack   stack

test:  save an image to disk .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  initiate   process
truth:  showing   null

test:  validates that an attribute parameter parameter is a runner parameter .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return threshold mean .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  threshold   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  generate a pprint .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  print   print

test:  decorator to indicate that the decorated function is a decorator .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  returns an resource object for the given sample sample context .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   info

test:  dep_name processing genelatex .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  null   null
truth:  latex   latex

test:  ensure the cookies are running changed .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add a list to the varsh terms .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  to   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  a toy dummy implementation for testing .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  replace none with an empty space .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  s   null
truth:  string   string

test:  determines if certificate has been imported from hgrid certificates .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  null   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  to put a host to a vmware host for a specified host or host cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  put   handler
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and return a string for option of type optdict .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  update a copy .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  set   update
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete page .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  function to check objects for plane .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  add   a
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  convert a dictionary of global pairs into a dictionary .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  format   work
truth:  list   list

test:  pad pad data using a gaussian model .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  constrained   new
truth:  fit   fit

test:  initialize spider log for given spider .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  initialize   use
truth:  logs   logs

test:  reconstruct and assertionerror of .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  reduce   definition
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  setup the app engine .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  sets   python
truth:  point   point

test:  get the group policy for a group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  parses a datetime .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  wrap the given function so that its results is not loaded .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes a new fresh instance for use in a showing list .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  build   use
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a static filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  build the js folder to be used in the console .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  js   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a sphinx .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  shared   a
truth:  default   default

test:  return a dictionary of current disk profile profile .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert a file name to a relative file name .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  simple simple simple test of extras .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  test   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform a suspend action on the given power of vector3s .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  display all rules in the authorization blob .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   strategy

test:  verify that *after* *after* should work .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  test   use
truth:  handle   chain

test:  return a sequence of tuples .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  return   access
truth:  given   multiple

test:  given an email address .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  find   email
truth:  if   check

test:  replace info[2] colors with based on its colors .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  parse   open
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : intconstant | float .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   integer

test:  polynomial division with remainder in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  convert any value or dictionary to a string like dict .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  returns the canonical diff of the gamma function .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   weights

test:  adds a placeholder .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  null   convenience
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  encrypts data with the given secret key and secret key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  generates   lift
truth:  null   null

test:  get list of median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   median
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only work on posix-like systems with setquota binary available .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  works   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an array of items that allowed allowed to access the selected tree .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  plot a plot of sinusoidal as a month .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns a rendering of an image .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   a

test:  given an colon layer .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  function   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  create a display image .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  function   show
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  create and write a string to a given name .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  write   something

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a formset for the given model class .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  convert a unicode string in the prototype to a python l{int} .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  replaces transcripts from a redis queue with either a new one .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  handle   string
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  convert a file: url to a local node .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  clears the screen .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  destroy the given pdp record .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  record   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  command name to try to charstokeep occurance .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  command   command

test:  convert a string to list .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  convert   strings
truth:  transform   transform

test:  decorator to set the cached cached values for each kb .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  same behavior as find_pure_symbol .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  join a list of variables to a single string .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  join   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert longitude to periodicity .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   hex
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  returns a list of true .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  list   list
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power spectral density function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   power

test:  validates that smtp/impa and updates are independent when the user has at least one of the extra settings .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  recursive helper to compute the amount of indentation for an index .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  formats   print
truth:  formats   formats

test:  initiate a request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   a
truth:  initiate   a

test:  contactfield edit .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   media

test:  element-wise l1 .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  null   test
truth:  computes   null

test:  tell worker(s) to modify the state of a task .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  tell   sample
truth:  terminate   task

test:  the type is a class for use in tests that may contain a specific types .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   type

test:  runs a python callable against the given python interpreter .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  call a builtin builtin function as a builtin .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of expressions .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  return   null
truth:  expr   expr

test:  returns an exploration that is first parsed notes .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes varmap .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   sync
truth:  func   func

test:  entry point to the command line .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  parse   point
truth:  null   entry

test:  resolve a hostname to an existing host .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  return   null
truth:  host   host

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  url   a
truth:  given   a

test:  visualize bootstrap of epochs .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  bootstrap   generate
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  the smallest number field with key n .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the password cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  reset   a

test:  returns a list of paths to all observable files found in the given path .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  find   up
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts to label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  host   hosts
truth:  add   multiple

test:  check whether there is an user for a simple password .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  to   user
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning a set of pk nodes with limited fields for rendering the alias id to select the parent id .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find the index .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  index   null
truth:  to   index

test:  register the function as a register for the current database_engine .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  register   register
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  encodes unicode data in plain text to utf-8 encoded using utf-8 .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the max clique of g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the tree .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bitbucket execute bitbucket to the bitbucket .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   timed
truth:  null   null

test:  a simple sort of the keys in a dictionary .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset inset point .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  when a new user is created .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  saves   set
truth:  save   a

test:  read the given file with the given suffix from the list of production files .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  null   kernel
truth:  null   kernel

test:  get information about xfs filesystem cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  parse   information
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  call self .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  function   content
truth:  null   negation

test:  convert numeric :class:~datetime .
truth: as above . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new endpoint service with a given name .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  create   create
truth:  insert   a

test:  performs cgi path .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  module   output
truth:  uses   uses

test:  helper method to convert an integer using a sources .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  to   calls
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list zones for a specific profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   zones

test:  get a keys for the instance id .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  null   null

test:  given an adapter url .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all the submodules that are followed by a resources .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get a set of test tolerance type based on a product of .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  based   null
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  validate a key .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  checks   validate
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture which provides a fake web-history object .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset magic magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   combination
truth:  test   test

test:  simulates a stubs at a given point .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   multiple
truth:  patch   patch

test:  dtlz4 the binary image of a gdb .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  to   convenience
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the writer .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   policy

test:  return the string describing the period of a period by period .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  uses   get
truth:  to   alias

test:  get a list of all the available 5 .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   vms
truth:  return   a

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if dhcp options exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  return   details
truth:  if   check

test:  quote the characters in the given string literals to make comparison with a backslash .
truth: from url . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  update   packages
truth:  updates   packages

test:  read text into the file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  return   n
truth:  string   string

test:  delete the tags from a given api service returns {deleted: true} if api was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if api was not deleted .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  app activity .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  if   running
truth:  running   running

test:  return the value for a given precision .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  value   converts
truth:  filter   filter

test:  upload an s3 object to s3 .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  uploads   helper
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the requested movie .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   media
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  build a template resource definitions for the current resource and version of the given resource .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attempt to remove a record .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  file   one
truth:  remove   a

test:  get the childnodes from the filename .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  return   function
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to specify a method to generate nested method .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  function   verifies
truth:  give   null

test:  clears the cached items for the given revision .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  decorator that checks if the user is present .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  print a list of trash .
truth: remove message . 
test:  lists   list
truth:  remove   message

test:  returns whether the given header is websocket .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  list all subdirectories subdirectories .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  list   build
truth:  list   list

test:  the main program .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  to   program
truth:  run   run

test:  max max pool pooling pooling .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   null
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  try to determine if a module is a relative module :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  if   try
truth:  return   return

test:  returns lines for data_format .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   timeline
truth:  assigned   get

test:  ensure getfacl & setfacl exist .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  make   null
truth:  work   work

test:  return a dict of environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a single package with a package .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   lock
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute the salt cloud storage .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  create an array with a given applescript and returns it .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  ignore the given names and list of patterns .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  function   function

test:  take a string and expand windows data based text .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  updates style library defined in the given library .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   firmware
truth:  update   style

test:  extracts a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  determine the url to python domain for a github domain .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute polynomial division of f and power of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  polynomials   work
truth:  construct   a

test:  check that apps is installed and should not retrieve apps .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  return   algorithm
truth:  null   part

test:  trigger a new workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  add   a
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  validates if all forwarding have models .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   variables
truth:  add   user

test:  given a username or username .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  to   username
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  this is intended to be the umbrella umbrella as words at the end of the test runner .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   plugins
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  returns a random integer uniquely .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create and open a temporary file .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  like   like

test:  computes subresultant prs of f in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  call flask flask function .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  format   retry
truth:  function   function

test:  get the current socket object .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the hardware architecture of the user .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create an empty vfolders .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  provide   default
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a record in fits format to fits format .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  fits   convert
truth:  record   record

test:  dynamically add a series of the given options to the current request .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  check if there is a proper listdir it will be serialised to check if there is a stream .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  return   manager
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the dummy spec for the managed updated .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  escapes characters .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf response .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  converts a timedelta object to a timedelta object .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  replaces system copy space character with nrhs .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  return a string of the signature and secret signature .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  calculates   key
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the trimmed mean along the input array .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  factor univariate polynomials over finite fields .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   polynomials
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  get the username for the named user .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  get   try
truth:  return   return

test:  blocks the user using the account .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  default   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  pythonpath each entry in a series/index by name .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  translate   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  controller to ensure that a resource has been defined in the widgets .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  return   a

test:  modifies a view of this page with views that was received by the client .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  handle   view
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the group module if the kernel is sunos .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  confirm   set
truth:  work   work

test:  parse a steps into its parts .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  draw a network .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  convert   parses
truth:  parses   a

test:  converts the given virtualbox virtualbox virtualbox } and columns into a dictionary .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate the *pyc* .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  null   test
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the platform platform to check if running 'darwin' is running under 'darwin' .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  play a series of threads to play .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  format   null
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the file upload count of all uploaded files in the provided directory .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  resolves   table
truth:  return   discrete

test:  source: android .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   android
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  send email notifications to requesting a user .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  email   a
truth:  given   a

test:  set the connection info url at url parameters for the win32 registry .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs most recent summary .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  get   data
truth:  like   like

test:  return a list of cartesian files found in the given document .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  returns   files
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the filename of a resource .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  test   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test get_version() when invalid version is invalid .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parameters query : int .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  null   run
truth:  execute   sql

test:  filter the md5 checksum of markdown .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  convert   group
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate possible bytes .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   subroutine
truth:  test   interaction

test:  sale edit page .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  insert : integer | identifier .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   const_value
truth:  null   rule

test:  clean up the component of a component .
truth: clean component . 
test:  source   null
truth:  clean   component

test:  encode the given headers and returns a tuple with the content headers as a dictionary of the response .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   image
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns the configuration for the provided url .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a set of packages which are scheduled within a venv .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  very very ipython trash for empty trash .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  creates   tensorboard
truth:  empty   trash

test:  a wrapper for memoizing that allows arbitrary functions to be used as the test case .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   func
truth:  func   func

test:  test creating a review suggestion .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a namespace string argument to a python dictionary .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  to   time
truth:  convert   python

test:  delete a new filer .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse a markup .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   a

test:  traverse all files in a directory tree .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  files   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  regression test for url .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   test
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the given list of values .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for all completions in the completions .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   runs
truth:  update   update

test:  expand an attribute of a dictionary .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  expands   metadata
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse a string and get a tuple of path .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  is   input

test:  generate an individual backend to use in stochastic format .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  write   generate
truth:  construct   null

test:  find file data files in a directory tree .
truth: by default . 
test:  files   directory
truth:  default   default

test:  escapes the first variable passed in a list .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  associate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  returns a mac address in 6to4 address .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  import a file from an ast module to retrieve the module and then it .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  content   a
truth:  content   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  proto_library target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  configure   library
truth:  define   null

test:  check that attribute also gives errors .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  null   test
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  registers a pool to provide the data for a given output .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  register   set
truth:  registers   null

test:  explicitly release an interface .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  attribute   virtual
truth:  release   release

test:  ensure that a stonith stonith is present in a node with a given stonith .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   compute
truth:  ensure   null

test:  displays all registered action actions .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   render

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  find   security
truth:  start   start

test:  returns true if the given matrix is a matrix .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifying the output with expected results for log equal to log with expected results .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   null
truth:  verifying   null

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   data
truth:  sign   data

test:  enable the rdp service and make sure the rdp port is disabled .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  decorator to async version of a transaction .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  marks   decorator
truth:  null   async

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_two_params
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure memory whitespace is in the last 2-uple: .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   readers

test:  this function does no external apps .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  callback   vouches
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes and encodes value using base64 .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into a single list of dictionaries .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  copy   copy

test:  checks if an object has a value of the next segment .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the style line numbers in a given comment .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  widgets   null
truth:  return   return

test:  write the message to the log file .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  write   null
truth:  adds   message

test:  check if the required credentials are present .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and clifilters .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  cassandra cassandra exists in cassandra .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  remove   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return a iterator of pairs .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  reduces   a

test:  ensure the prod isnt a positive user for the episode_count= .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of partitions to represent the partition .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  returns the path to the current operating system .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  to   path
truth:  return   return

test:  format error messages .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  retrieves   error
truth:  print   a

test:  return a numpy type by name .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  color   color

test:  renders links to the horizontal tree .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  use   null
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test a unique join between a node .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  system information for a bug .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   information

test:  reverse the logger .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  close   func
truth:  closes   null

test:  handled links to validate links .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check the mysql server .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   names
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure we get compile error in tricky from dispatches .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  return the power of the first prime number of x .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  compute subplots challenges .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  scale   scale

test:  checkout the current git checkout to the given version .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the day summary of a given day .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plots   day

test:  apply roots on all three lists of a en-us .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   null

test:  refine the enc implementation .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  to   validation
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for methods which may be used to cache their results in a single item and passes the cached object .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns a debugger and port number of server resources .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that the system can be supported by the classes passed to the types .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  make   null

test:  get float from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path of the access key as a string .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   secret_key
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the date .
truth: main loop . 
test:  send   credentials
truth:  loop   loop

test:  create an api request with the given retries .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  make   factory
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   stringprep
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  cleans and return a template filter from a file .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  context   try
truth:  require   a

test:  computes minimum number of lu between two vectors .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  downgrade line starting with an open column .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  ensure that the named nictag exists in nictag nictag .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  divide all coefficients by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  list   f
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  do the actual files .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  map   n
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a likely path to a dotted path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  do   a
truth:  make   a

test:  execute riak commands .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  creates a object with information about the output .
truth: main program . 
test:  truncate   arguments
truth:  null   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a query string as a dict of positional and keyword arguments .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parses   show
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  null   effect
truth:  null   effect

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a descriptor object .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns email entities for given user .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  get   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a class with the same format as each of the wrapped function .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  input   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get imports .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  module   testing
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute the frequency matrix of two roughly .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  called   data
truth:  return   a

test:  test list of partitions on a list of partitions .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  finds   parse
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  create an ]]] token using the given key and string .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  loads   token
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  do the volume bindings .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  retrieve   method
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   group

test:  read kit db .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  read   epochs
truth:  function   function

test:  adds the send task report for the given email report .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  handle   function
truth:  adds   a

test:  return the matrix to romberg .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  diff   join
truth:  compute   compute

test:  context manager that context manager for code consumption in a context .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  get the name of the file .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if the structure can verify that the given structure .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  return   try
truth:  verify   null

test:  check two lists of seqrecords features .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the string is writable .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  return   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  given a generatedcertificate string .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return a default string used by aware or name .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   show
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  display a product list .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  return   product
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all the exception by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  scales an image by linearly .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  computes   remove
truth:  given   a

test:  walk a directory and generate rows .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  walk   os
truth:  null   a

test:  find an edge block of each block in the block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  label   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   build

test:  factory function that instantiates a home page .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a wsgi application in a wsgi environment output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the default fetch deadline deadline for the given thread .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  fetches   default
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a string representing the version of the minion .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that should be routed to require http required functionality .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the current time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  this is the pandas fractions of the windows orbit .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  obj   copy
truth:  null   frequency

test:  returns a string of a given realm .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  cleans up the aws keys .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  import   build
truth:  to   connect

test:  send create db .
truth: send create database . 
test:  create   flag
truth:  create   create

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for events and milestones .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace or raise if namespace or namespace doesnt exist .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get list of ip addresses :returns: boolean value of ip addresses .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  list   return
truth:  get   a

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called only time the server stops before a reload .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  find one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  make sure the code is joined to a convenience function .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  name   service
truth:  if   check

test:  return a dictionary of the result for the given tag .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  not implemented: .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  interprets   boolean
truth:  return   a

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list profiles for policy .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   domain
truth:  list   list

test:  list installed extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return all type strings .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  set   set

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute docker commands if its docker .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  build   command
truth:  to   prefix

test:  get the current request .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  cast-128 an http client using the cast-128 delimited arguments .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert a list wrapper to a unbox object .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  list   list

test:  lead field meg .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   uninstall
truth:  null   field

test:  single module view page .
truth: module view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  specifying a single file should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  command   command

test:  common response for 500 .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  to   null
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   nagios
truth:  null   real

test:  convert a polynomial in gf(p)[x] to an integer .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  returns a specific object of an object .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quotas vector of down vectors .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  is   join
truth:  apply   apply

test:  integrate the line check for the curve .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a -> qaction object .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  search   search

test:  returns an array of the data passed by the given limits .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  generate   data
truth:  trims   null

test:  returns the travis markov markov .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  ssh   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a floating ip from the values dictionary or update by address or update it .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the squared error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  converts s to a string containing the result of the given file .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  null   null

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  display   display

test:  write a string table definition .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  change the global qwebsettings .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  request   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  create a jinja binary file .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  save   a
truth:  write   image

test:  connect to the ldap global namespace .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  return a signature scheme object pkcs115_sigscheme that can create or verify pkcs#1 v1 .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  field_type : intconstant : intconstant > .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears any pending dag dag .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the given object variable .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  link   obj
truth:  get   arguments

test:  ensure a bytestring is not a postscript string .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a dictionary of key-value pairs into a tree .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  return   change
truth:  walk   tree

test:  copy files from a file to a list of files .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  fixture   stores
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the user name .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  return   username
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package with a package .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  test   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  get a data structure of the configured indexes .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test glir gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of bits that match the given string .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct a compiler tag for a given compiler .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  refresh and refresh the build .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  to   refresh
truth:  null   null

test:  download a file .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   api

test:  return the global file path of the finder .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a organizations stream of a users activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the mnist data supports the mnist data .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  backup   data
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   rest

test:  returns a list of all unary_expression in the given string .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  show   use
truth:  string   string

test:  find an image device mapping entry to a dictionary .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the same name but instead of a function .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  logging   logging

test:  ensure that the named service is enabled according to start at boot .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  return a datetime object for a year .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a layer and return the request columns .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert a list of issues into a dictionary of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  given   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  provides a context object for use in a signal handler .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  compute   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  iterate through all example filenames and return them .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  get   get
truth:  yield   elements

test:  create a collection of tuples .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  function enforces non-null value for keypairs key .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  takes   database
truth:  adds   function

test:  wrap a function so that its guaranteed to wrap a certain argument .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser --> /path .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize json .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  saves   configure
truth:  logging   logging

test:  send a soft to the named domain cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  shut   a
truth:  send   a

test:  solves the equation diophantine equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  save original modules and send it to the current desktop .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  given   null
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  extract __unicode__ .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  checks for an entry .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  list   a
truth:  url   url

test:  only load this module if the psql bin exist .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run xlsxwriter xlsxwriter records .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  configure   fork
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a string representing the unicode .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the path to an application .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  return   -
truth:  command   command

test:  limit number of app computation through app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  null   null
truth:  running   running

test:  check whether or not the service is not ec2 by a given module .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  list   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the cost-per-click for the tree .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  displays the cluster data for each cluster in a discussion state .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of valid indices of the string indices with shape .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  convert   spatial
truth:  return   a

test:  displays the plots accuracy for each test .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  test   test
truth:  load   load

test:  try to get a languages dictionary for the language language .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  return   language
truth:  to   try

test:  replacement for a python group .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  parses   shortcut
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check two lists of dictionaries .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   return

test:  use this method to wipe disks on a given job .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  update   function
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  find a language we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a file that doesnt exist as a file .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  creates   file
truth:  files   files

test:  get the first word after a line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  monitor the latest queue .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  if   up
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns a margin for and geometry depending on the given image and geometry object .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this creates a new plugin .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  removes   a

test:  convert a qt element with its .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  change   a

test:  creates an array index index .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  callback for unit tests that will be run outside the twisted varnish .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  called   null
truth:  close   close

test:  delete a managed policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parses the sample id into a eip .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  extends   null
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  send an email when a user has completed .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  hook   callback
truth:  request   request

test:  checks the gradient of the scalar frame for either a containers frame or a given frame .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  return   gradient
truth:  returns   returns

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   a
truth:  join   path

test:  test reading a original date object .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  source   data
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  create and return a json string .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract the tuple from the http request and return the http requests dictionary or a tuple of the http link headers which can be an http <url <url in the
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   link
truth:  extract   links

test:  print a list of ipv4 addresses .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  print   usage
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  load the network ips .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  get a connection to the mysql connection .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the fetch of the git fetch the git fetch the git checkout .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  update   null
truth:  make   null

test:  check whether or not the device is present on the device .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the current thread name and it in the current thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test to make sure that we can run multiproc .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  null   app
truth:  is   null

test:  import content from file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  file   content
truth:  content   content

test:  regression test for #4957 .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  null   convenience
truth:  need   need

test:  check if the named service is disabled .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  parse in the rrc822 string from the xml definition .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  like   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : morerules ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  the ipython extension is created .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  unload   download
truth:  unload   unload

test:  return the security group rule for a given group rule .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  associate   set
truth:  rules   rules

test:  plot influence in the kivy .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  is   data
truth:  plot   influence

test:  write a file to a remote machine .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test fit a bound constraints with bound constraints .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  list all included for the given command line .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  lists   user
truth:  set   up

test:  return the number of all groups that are present in the accompanying .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup testenvironment for test .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   update
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  parse a text in a querydict fashion .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  return   in
truth:  find   find

test:  performs a random smallest operation on an array of variables .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  run a synchronous query w/ .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  obtain   a
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  add volumes to the engine table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  update   handles
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: builds adds the builds for the build as build .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  null   atom
truth:  atom   atom

test:  counts the inverse of inverse .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  wipe   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetches the redirect language based on the current language code .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  force x to be a and all the 1-norm of the given object .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  force   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  sets the close-on-exec api to use the current user .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  create a list of incron for the project .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  create cloudpipe .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  make an image into the correct file for use in the test modules .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns a list of corpus .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert 2d patch in the command to a rational object .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse the conf configuration file .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate an md5 hash of a given string .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  obj   a
truth:  get   md5

test:  register a task into the response and pull request .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  null   process
truth:  receive   messages

test:  this should check for a debug path for list-available .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  set that seqs_fp is provided .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  assign   set
truth:  set   set

test:  this function is called by the verify_user function .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  test   null
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  make sure that all identifier are still active .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  start   start
truth:  trigger   a

test:  the value represents a single array .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  value   val
truth:  to   helper

test:  convenience function to get the type and sort attribute .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that checks the current messages .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  expand a line .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   update
truth:  return   return

test:  displays timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  call   view
truth:  display   users

test:  tries to determine if ip address is a valid ip address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  take an attribute of a query with a valid set of attributes .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   match
truth:  match   match

test:  registers the function functions .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   register
truth:  function   function

test:  calculates the sample_iter versions of n and return none if invalid .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  null   symbol

test:  retrieve remote method object from a remote api reference .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   get
truth:  remote   remote

test:  run basic coroutine for hug .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  fetches all the emails to a given user .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   version

test:  parse a "constantlike" list of arguments/kwargs .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  null   a

test:  create a bar on given values .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the minimum of the word of a function .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  use the django template processors to validate backends processors .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  project   project

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  default   a
truth:  default   default

test:  download and download the db record .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  download   download

test:  returns a string describing an version number .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   version
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse kinds and sizes .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  perform multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   multiple
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns a sizer for a string field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for python .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  creates a dictionary from a dictionary .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns induced size of a directed graph between data and all node connected to a weighted graph .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  renders a jinja environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return information about the file .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  returns   logger
truth:  returns   returns

test:  cast to unicode dammit! .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  try to apply to supplied table .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  joins   null
truth:  to   try

test:  helper to format a string .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  null   text
truth:  takes   null

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available or not .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return a dict of the description of the text .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a register connection and a protocol .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  to   input
truth:  return   return

test:  extract data from a timeseries file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  counts the number of counter a bearing .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns a front with the data .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  normalizes a string of characters representing a number .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  set a user .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  record   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return the python version for the backend .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  make   null
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test filtfilt with integer filtfilt .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that :jenkins-wiki:log altaz are properly encode them .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   returns
truth:  see   null

test:  return the signature name for a given function instance .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  null   function
truth:  given   null

test:  helper function for poly_seq poly_seq poly_seq .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert apostrophe characters to unicode .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  given a vm object .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  use   use

test:  this creates a new security certificate and throws a new security certificate .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  register   awards
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators algorithm in q[x] .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   denominators
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  create a log folder .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  assign a certificate to the given store name the certificate to the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  decorator to add method to uninterpolated methods .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   method
truth:  add   add

test:  require the afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   lock
truth:  require   null

test:  shifted data can be used by ranges .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  called   a
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the connection and the real queries .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  plot ccpr results and a modbus polygon .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  create a new event url .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  add   entry
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test to make sure the fetch can be used .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  retrieve   scan
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure that the schemas schemas arent sane .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  import   import

test:  generate sparse numpy array to include given size and return x .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  is   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  etc_services   return
truth:  processes   processes

test:  find a responsibility .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a certificate is passing the status .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the address type for an address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  any caching are changed to avoid errors .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  update   entry
truth:  null   a

test:  project management tasks .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  click   null
truth:  list   list

test:  list all the directories under the given directory .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the model is set as any model .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  elementwise approximation of a given expression .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check a better better title .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  return   up
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   a
truth:  query   query

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate one of the id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that a development option outputs outputs a fixed pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for import .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split a list into a string of sub lists .
truth: take a token . 
test:  split   a
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of ntp peers configured on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return list of pairs of bounds .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  make   a
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  read bti matrix from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   32bit
truth:  read   64bit

test:  simulates a prereg page to prereg .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  null   check
truth:  landing   page

test:  indent all spaces in text into a block of spaces .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  list   null
truth:  given   a

test:  parses the pydoc request and return a dictionary containing commands information .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   filters
truth:  parse   parse

test:  save a file with each line .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  populate   null
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  execute a file-accessible based on a watch code .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  to   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  list containers .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a datastore key string for a datastore datastore .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   a

test:  estimate the log of fit between two independent samples in log and variance .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  sets   factor
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses a hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  conditionally decodes the output of a c list .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  convert   convert

test:  executes a two points crossover on a input individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  this method will allows shoppingcart to initiate cart cart .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  null   use
truth:  create   create

test:  construct the reverse type in a given address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure that completion extension is changed .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  retrieve   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get footer email as specified in footer .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  append   a

test:  return a random integer name for given string .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  url   get
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the the minimum standard deviation of the input data .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the 3-regular graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  determine if the node contains a expire definition .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  harami pattern .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   star

test:  switch master to master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get spider loader for a given spider .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  context manager that ignores changed config dictionary .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  like _varintdecoder() but decodes the variable and write it using the write function .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  decode   converts
truth:  encode   a

test:  returns a dict with all of the metadata keys supplied by the docname document .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  validates for unsafe strings .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  if   source
truth:  to   function

test:  select select oids and the oid .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  sample   virt
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns an iterator over a dict of subsection-headers that potentially have a map .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix returns the elementwise product of a and 1 .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob to google cloud storage .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  helper to ensure that a source file contains source and --version .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a pipe segment between "data_dict" and n-1 .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build a starting text for this process .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  alignment   create
truth:  execute   a

test:  helper function to create a batch containing a single caller .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  warning: this function is a differential request for use with a tab name .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  clears   use
truth:  launch   launch

test:  read and write an xml document from a list of files as a string .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  generate   view
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a polynomial in the given rational .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  exception   daemonization
truth:  implements   implements

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  return a datetime object for the current operating system .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  return a list of ^@ networks for the given network .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  serve static textbooks textbooks .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  display   null
truth:  display   display

test:  loads out the trees in the system .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   openssl

test:  set the value of the page and save it in the current page .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets an album candidates for each album in the plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  return   find
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  return the comment comment comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  return   return
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a decorator for methods that do not have the first process .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the hash of a file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  get   get

test:  run windows command .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  execute   commands
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if the name is in the same directory as the fifo fifo .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  if   return
truth:  name   name

test:  change current user and group .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  change   matches
truth:  patch   patch

test:  update the dashboard of all activities for the given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  translate   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test all arguments for all arguments .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  transform   test
truth:  try   try

test:  decorator to ensure that the mime *mimes works .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  request   check
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test adding a socket to the telnet row .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  concatenate variables and calls x .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  fetch a list of all intersection ips for a given compute node .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute the exploration summary of a list of snapshots for the given exploration and exploration .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a 2d element obtained by parse_xmlrpc element .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data as a file .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  s   a
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression expression expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  checks if a user is present and has a given upload .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  set   profile
truth:  null   api

test:  split a list of comma and whitespace and whitespace and whitespace and return a single list of strings .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  string   null
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the virtual server java .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  main section of the plan .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  format   loop
truth:  run   example

test:  test url .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   url
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the named host is absent name the name of the user to remove host the user to connect as host the user to remove .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  wait for the names of the password to be either in the password .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  create   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation build .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  build   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create an spider object given its spider .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  return   django
truth:  create   a

test:  check whether the named group is installed cli example: .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  open   open

test:  pull strings from sources .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  function   null
truth:  source   source

test:  gets a number of projects for the specified number in a number .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculate checksum of a specified value .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  wrap a text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  parse time in the given format .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  insert app engine to remote host .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a numpy array with the elements of axes .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing a table as a table with wrong columns .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  verifies that the user is present and this is the order of a page .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  parse a set-like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  compute the balanced accuracy for an array of generators .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  function   generator
truth:  default   default

test:  returns true if string is a unicode string .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  accepts nt scores and returns a list of consumed .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  return   nt
truth:  convert   nt

test:  returns a list of names of a given chain id .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  returns   package
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new shape shared shared shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when collection errors occur .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  function   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the string to use for an instance .
truth: given an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  checks if the user has cart cart processor processor .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  ensure x is connected to a folder .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes in the specified volume .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the status of a mutating status code is mutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a posix timestamp to a python object .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the matrix in the matrix .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  take crawler and guess and checks that sanger file is qual .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  puts the re-enable file .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   method

test:  compute up the grains log moments for each course .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that blockdevicedeployer relevant to configuration are the same as comments/list .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from a namespace hash .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  projects a list of urls that are the same urls as the given string .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  register ovs and full extension module .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  null   =
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture to provide a topic .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the gpsd platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel functions jn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  return dict of pairs from flowgram table .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  a array with dask data values for a log-scale array .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  upload   generate
truth:  return   num

test:  creates a trakt option to be used for any of the client health .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  monitor   get
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a test method that tests the given function .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  create   api
truth:  generate   a

test:  estimate the benchmark dataset using a series .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  null   throughput

test:  decorator that iterate over corpus .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  runs one or more security security groups .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  flask   applications
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  model update steps .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  null   update
truth:  are   models

test:  return a form for a form based on its type .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return all registered status .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load the application from the app .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   data
truth:  load   a

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure that globals .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  sample   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  this decorator validates that the underlying function calls the given function .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate eip .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   vpc

test:  tests that singular gives an old style system .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   application
truth:  test   test

test:  allow user permission to jinja user .
truth: add user default . 
test:  adds   attribute
truth:  add   user

test:  returns the currently active kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get event logging .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  return a flask widgets with all of the specified admin widgets .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  address   format
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see responses .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  return the immediate children of a given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   use
truth:  return   return

test:  obtain a status group by its groups .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  get   parameters
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   encodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  it verifies the sets of environment variables is present .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  null   check
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes the hyperbolic statistic for independent samples .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  calculates   create
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse the textual formatted string just a dict of fips .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   data

test:  returns static files in a given static file .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random sentence-like string of length n .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the total correction of the williams .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  registers a hosting service with the specified name .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   attribute
truth:  register   a

test:  different version of function .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  landing view .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  prevent   handler
truth:  null   a

test:  find the first element in text find and page matching text matching the text .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  find   a
truth:  using   null

test:  clears the user info cookie .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  return a list of objects of the form associated with those is_default .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  convert a dictionary of label into a dict of label .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this save a report for a date .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  run a command .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  returns   git
truth:  code   code

test:  writes a stream to a file .
truth: like write . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  builds the operations adding a campaign to a campaign criterion .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  trigger   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  open a given file in current dir .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  filename   helper
truth:  open   open

test:  instantiates the plugin if necessary .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  force   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone of os .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates request .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  rendered   variables
truth:  null   null

test:  wait until the seconds before processing is true .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  compute uuid of the uuid of the autoregressive autoregressive load data .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the pid of the pid .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  setup   config
truth:  create   a

test:  return a tree to all of its branches in branches .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement m .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists wiki documents .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the file or directory of a group .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the xdg cache directory .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about a specific selinux mode cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  report   report

test:  installs multiple ngram ngram using the loops .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   null

test:  helper method to format and api field of request .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  fetch   group
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a set item .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns a string representation of a number formatted for use with the specified format .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  to stop/power off a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  to   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  ensure that exactly count matching containers and any state matching containers .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  stop   stop

test:  change the system state in the system .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  initialize   check
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get the parent value for a named name in the registry .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  tell   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  combine game by games into games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  returns the number of bits needed to set the right ipv4 address in a specific ipv4 .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns the argument name for a function .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  render an env object with the passed name and grains .
truth: render config template . 
test:  template   null
truth:  config   config

test:  get the backend class by name and base name .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return a dask .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  null   add
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the current linux id for the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the template limit .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   exception
truth:  limit   limit

test:  test adding formatted formatted classes to a decimal field .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the folders which are created by the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  try to get an instance from a wire object .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  build   build

test:  serve protected files using a thumbnail .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   file
truth:  protected   null

test:  fill a file with name .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  if   file
truth:  function   function

test:  make sure current monitor fails if all of the form: possible .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  -   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a extension queue to a queue queue .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   entry

test:  return the url to a article that is suitable for the current distributed .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  template   a
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the default output of all others .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  output   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  free implementation of python utf8 .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  if   null

test:  checks if segment matches one of the bad segment .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  indent   data
truth:  is   segment

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   info
truth:  get   get

test:  train an iis model .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  draw   limiting
truth:  do   one

test:  splits a mime type into its component parts .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   mime

test:  build the environment header and then asp header .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   use
truth:  creates   a

test:  return that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   volumes
truth:  return   backups

test:  calculates the radial variance of the travis model .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  adjust   variables
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  checks if the given version is installed .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  to   null
truth:  set   a

test:  reset the database returns a dictionary of interactive instances .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  reset   summary
truth:  executes   null

test:  create a new blockdevicedeployer test .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   arguments
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  compute relu for one or more system .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   relu
truth:  rectified   null

test:  convert a dictionary of image description into a dictionary .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update a new host for the given host or host .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  copy data and create a default location .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the currently active reporter instance currently being used .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format money amount according to locale settings .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   handle
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the cli cli portion to launch the cli portion of the cli module .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   method

test:  calculate swirl image .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the requirements for a given requirements file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  add vector3 paths to the list .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   vector3loop
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extract information for a protobuf path .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the network attach config spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  used   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  find the game .
truth: print returns . 
test:  deprecated   format
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the utility function can run and print the commands .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  template   null
truth:  if   test

test:  produces a dict of all elements of a given string .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  filtering   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert url or unicode to a path string .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  like   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  updates the viewpoint metadata .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find numbers with negative signs .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load a certificate from a certificate .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of sqlite modules .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  does   null

test:  explicitly return a floating point number .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  default   default

test:  the restful handler for notification notifications .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  null   null
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  compute normalized mutual info on two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  replace the given file with given filename & replace newversion .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  write   version

test:  sphere sphere .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  null   dot
truth:  do   null

test:  return a list of all python source files found in the same directory as input .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  normalized   completion
truth:  returns   a

test:  eip an eip .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  block callback for the given request .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  use   use

test:  consume the square test of f and q .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  update the determinant of the determinant of a the specified features .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  value   linear
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: delivery-pipeline this plugin allows you to define the build failures validator for the build failures in the build .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   build
truth:  null   null

test:  gets a list of all interfaces interfaces .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  groupmeans -> int return the absolute value of a theano vector .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the spline hmac hmac and equal .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  makes   accepts
truth:  compares   null

test:  gethostbyname -> address resolve the maximum number of host .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a list of datacenters for the specified service .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   decorator
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  return a string representing the scheme that can be used to equal to the given port .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  tests   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  elementwise sign of theano .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  sign   implementation
truth:  return   return

test:  check if we should construct a gui .
truth: gui test . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the vms location associated with the statemachine .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   commands
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns data to render approval approval .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  return   update
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from variable loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deletes a floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the information from the specified vm .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   details

test:  check if an apache is available .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the module class by name .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a python script handler according to the given python data structure .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  use   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create an array from a group array .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all configured supervisees .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a unique version of a path .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a class such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   func
truth:  convert   a

test:  function to calculate all sim sample metadata vector and put it into the sim dictionary .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  extracts   otu
truth:  make   n

test:  create a list of targets to the target target .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  add a user cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  make sure string is utf8 encoded bytes .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  bytes   text
truth:  make   null

test:  quote text so that it can be quoted to a <script> text .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a new user .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  cache the security group ingress group with the specified security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  put   network
truth:  authorize   network

test:  copy a dictionary of tool tooltip and outputs out of tool .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  widget   virtual
truth:  null   helper

test:  sort a list of dicts containing a dict of keyword tasks .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  null   lx

test:  returns a datetime object of the current datetime .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   timezone

test:  x is a categorical categorical categorical vector is a softmax .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  null   null

test:  tests that translated migration supports migration in a simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  serializing   verifies
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: gatling execute gatling .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  converts   runs
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns ip address from the request .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  ip   ip

test:  serializes an object to a class .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  a temporary file that is unique to be executed in a temporary file .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  null   serialization

test:  returns true if the survey is privileged for survey based on its survey .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  function   string
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  skip summing whitespace in the given sequence of data .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  return   return

test:  function for creating a test case .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  function   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a list of best a timezone name .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  compares   null

test:  contributors and old email .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  set   example
truth:  null   contributors

test:  creates an array on a start and a start .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  edit   query
truth:  returns   returns

test:  orders management by current user .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  list the repository packages .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  list   series
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clean up the container rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  view function which handles a user .
truth: log out . 
test:  force   redirects
truth:  log   log

test:  get media instance from media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  get   null
truth:  index   index

test:  reformat an array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  array   array

test:  returns whether the request is configured and not http requests .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  return   check
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that the named database is absent name the groupname of the database to remove name of the database to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of all objects .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  checks if the specified module is a default interface .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   checks

test:  close the http client and options for the read .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  saves   null

test:  create a failure report for a bokehjs bokehjs .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   information

test:  retrieve information about the persistent resource formats .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that a msvsproject msvsproject give a formats object .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  null   object
truth:  null   handler

test:  return a queryset of rackspace driver information .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  input   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the name of this module .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  insert elements in sequence into one .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  value   value

test:  yield subdirectories of the message .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  content   use
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return the info from a specific environment .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   information
truth:  package   package

test:  take a list of names and returns a dict with unique variables .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  uses   histogram
truth:  gives   null

test:  private method used to get data to zenoss .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  shared   a
truth:  set   up

test:  setsubtensor -> sparseblockouter .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  displays whether power on power button is on or off if supported button .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  run one or more commands if available .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  update   invoke
truth:  handle   osx

test:  create a file in the rest api .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a python command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of ipv6 addresses to use in a host .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  ip   ip
truth:  ip   ip

test:  generate a url at which a request for scopes and scopes to be sent by scopes .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  loads a check class .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  load   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  checks that the given object is supported by the passed function .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  run pending lookups on all of the given message .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  renders a context for a current context .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  context   context
truth:  null   in

test:  get the version of the server .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   version

test:  find the current window for the read twice .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  sort and return dict of keys .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  helper to format a timestamp .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  format   timestamp
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  call a function or a callback .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  if   thing

test:  marks a dictionary as a dictionary .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  return a list of all package names .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  order   sets
truth:  place   place

test:  check for nova docstring start with docstring start .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke a cache ingress group from a cache security group to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   network
truth:  revoke   network

test:  error function to stop and return the reactor .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  to   error
truth:  null   something

test:  determines whether a request should be ignored .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  if   request
truth:  if   null

test:  unpickle rank given a ros group .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  convert   notify
truth:  null   null

test:  check that the cookiecutter can be used with a cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  give   call
truth:  call   call

test:  returns current line number within a given line .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  populate   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a fake imageproperty entry from the values dictionary .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the vdi configuration of the domain_name .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for a pair of type polar .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  checks if a disk disk is valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  test stacked stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  stack   stack
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  job:table_sizes adapted .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  null   lhs

test:  read function with a jupyter delimiter .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   parses
truth:  test   failure

test:  returns a packed array .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  null   row

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  =ab =ab =ab .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a description for a number .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  arg   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts part of step that correspond to a string .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  delete   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  execute sql execute a combination of current parameters .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   issue
truth:  execute   null

test:  generates a number from a c color .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  return   a
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  parse and return the oauth url .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   url
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  monitor root of the job .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   estimate
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  convenience method works on string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  create the attributes of a namespace .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  get   return
truth:  string   string

test:  add multiple events around the drag and precision-recall events .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a website from the system cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  delete   runs
truth:  remove   a

test:  list network interfaces associated with a virtual host .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  list   virtual
truth:  create   a

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  represent   compute
truth:  null   binary

test:  sets an instance of :class:sessionstore in the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test an identityinterface conflict -> plot .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  orderline -> x .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  create a figure to open a file .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the cythonize .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  import   import
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get complex from prefix and xml element .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a hash of the given token using the given hex token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  return   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  create a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a list of all files that a repo exists .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a testsuite loaded with all test tests .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  find   verifies
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   assert_is
truth:  fake   fake

test:  returns the version of the commit version .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  return   version
truth:  get   get

test:  add a availability ami for a given instance .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns a serialization statement for atomic .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core with time .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   core

test:  returns the mutual plot .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   information

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   provisions
truth:  null   provisions

test:  returns salt token using salt .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  return   join
truth:  if   null

test:  parses information from a file .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the backup metadata for the given volume .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the request level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return weeks as days .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   weeks
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches the message from the help help timing if it exists .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  retrieve true if any of the password excluded to the given addon .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  returns a minimum string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  tests that multi history can be ready .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  find   check
truth:  finding   finding

test:  rename a lineage lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  renames   initialization
truth:  rename   rename

test:  test uint8 directories and representing foo-1 .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  null   test
truth:  bind   bind

test:  convert an index type to a protocol .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  index   calculate
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on training samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  determine if the object is a quickmarks or id of a class .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  based   calls
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  print summary failure report .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   summary
truth:  print   print

test:  create a json json file .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if a vlan interface exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  parse config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  puts   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  generates the configuration .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   a

test:  checks the python module is a valid python module .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  given   import
truth:  import   import

test:  create a .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   create
truth:  build   build

test:  return the memory value for an integer array of arrays a and m .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  does   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check the status of a given url .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the current filter .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   interface
truth:  sets   sets

test:  by default .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  read   read

test:  check if a uuid looks like a valid uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   validation

test:  parses a string as a boolean .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dictionary of the keys required for the given job id .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  explode   null

test:  retrieve a list of managed servers that have a given desired name the defined name .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  make   a
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  parse a string of file into a dictionary .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   zip
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a pybrain chart using the options in the test .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  displays all variables in an instance .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  default   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change autopostprocessor transaction to nearest frequency .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  ensure that unicode .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrade a crop image .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of changes between models and object between them .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the optimized routes for the authenticated interface .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  parse   error
truth:  given   filters

test:  delete a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  tests the nonvoid format by nonvoid and numpy format .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  parsing   url
truth:  if   self

test:  this is the same as an open channel .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  turn   things
truth:  time   time

test:  create a new tag tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in the dev_appserver .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  email notification through the email .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  email   send
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the last folder path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  show a figure and currently executed .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   information
truth:  show   show

test:  returns true if the number is alpha .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the pid of the given pid .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  null   get
truth:  is   null

test:  creates a new graph for graph given as a biadjacency matrix .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  utility for __init__ .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  host   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a random text from a series of n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  this just verifies that pydotprint gives the pydotprint .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  content   check
truth:  is   null

test:  extract a set of xml tags from the current environment vars .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  usage   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stores all of the files in a package and that is created with the overall line number of zp .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  files   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parses a date as a datetime .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  gets   date

test:  return a list of cpg for the current user .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from a namespace hash and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the line number of the y line .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  patch   s3
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the full path of the device .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  step 4 raised by -ic .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  return   step
truth:  step   step

test:  run a python file .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  clean up any image in the node from the node .
truth: like node . 
test:  return   null
truth:  like   node

test:  view the filters .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  configure   view
truth:  configures   configures

test:  execute command .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  load the repositories for a specific base .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  normalizes a square structure from one .
truth: like zip . 
test:  split   encoding
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  search for a resource by name .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a size in bytes into a human readable form .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  convert   works
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   partition
truth:  return   partition

test:  check if files in the given directory .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  returns   utility
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a string for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates sub-navigation dashboard groups for a dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns true if there is a unicode fields in any of the given fields .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fake gcs .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  import   null
truth:  return   return

test:  call a unicode object that defines a unicode object .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  return   cast
truth:  object   object

test:  call the linear equations .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   up

test:  search for keywords in keywords .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  a shell-like wrapper for 386-compliant files .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  remove   filters
truth:  filter   a

test:  loads data as a autoencoder file .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  load   data
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  run a single unit module .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  compares   returns
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test efficient surface of scipy .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging for the script .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  logging   configures
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  to   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  return a datetime object for given time .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  remove the minimum module .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  teardown   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return a list of images to imagedata .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  import key in unique format .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  finds elements in only one or the other .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  finds   elements

test:  return the checkboxselectmultiple function .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  null   status
truth:  null   null

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  update   null
truth:  keep   null

test:  generate strategy for xml files .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  generates   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given the set of http headers and a displayed header dict .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  get   header
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  read this file and return them as a sigint .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   data
truth:  reads   a

test:  get path to the directory .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  confine this module to mac os with macports .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  works   work
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: zeromq start event text .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string into a human readable format .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the highstate that is a dispatcher .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  null   scaling
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the dte energy platform .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the clickable url starting at the shop specified by the environment variables .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  return   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  return a list of sequences .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  generate   generate

test:  add a function to the queue .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a python package name .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an a6 record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  clones an security group from a security group .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   clones
truth:  clones   clones

test:  this is a cross service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  require   a

test:  ensure that the user is an collection .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait for a socket to stdout .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  schedule   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given object and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  fetch python interpreter in sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  change   remove
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  shim to attach an options that also also get a direct instance .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  verify that the extra code is set .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a dictionary to a dict .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with a raised cosine distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  handle the osc .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  return   create
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the services .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return the index of given language .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  index   source
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for word word .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy a file .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  debug   copies
truth:  copy   a

test:  job job id into the job when the job was executed .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate a single 63 tree .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  calculate   delete
truth:  check   reference

test:  returns an extension code for the given extension .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  returns   download
truth:  unregister   null

test:  parse a string from a certain network id .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  provided   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  counts the editor to the caller dict for the given key .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  given   null
truth:  called   null

test:  execute queries against the type and return the result as a string .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  execute   plot
truth:  read   pillar

test:  check the vpn status .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  start   versions
truth:  gets   current

test:  generate a random chunk of the dataset .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  generate   user
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the created version for the given sdk .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a httpresponse from the given request and return the response .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  view   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  associate   mark
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return the file number in the directory .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  source   source
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  extract the loops according to loops .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  loop   null
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  listing   listing
truth:  listing   listing

test:  adds a handler for the given logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  run a given package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  see   run
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  return details about all elasticache table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  return   details
truth:  describe   a

test:  ensure getfacl & setfacl exist in __salt__ with riak .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  load   null
truth:  work   work

test:  release a list of available audio output .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  frees   null

test:  returns a function that returns the foreign key for the specified key .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename or a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given an object queryset and email address .
truth: check acls . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return subgraph communicability for each line of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypts an aes key and returns the decryption key .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypt   null
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check whether options matches the device .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  test   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parses a property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  run synloop .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  null   update
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  try to stacksize code source code in a python source code .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  return   context
truth:  creates   a

test:  lay a free function .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if we can generate a python extension .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  replace placeholders in docstring with brackets .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   comments
truth:  patch   patch

test:  gets the list of all the facebook for the specified user .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  set quota usage usage dirty for a given tenant and tenant .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   resource

test:  return true if current virtualenv is installed .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return true if zero is zero .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  memset --> /path .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  taken   null
truth:  fill   fill

test:  helper to quickly out the file as started for big .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  create   get
truth:  create   a

test:  return the non-existent color of a polygon .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  return   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator to decorate the current user .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   decorator

test:  yield pieces of a file .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  chunks   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  generate random chars .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  reloads   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  convert an integer to a given shape .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  extract   accepts
truth:  return   shape

test:  do complete videos .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  to   null

test:  renders a job using rendering of openid content .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  to   send
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parses a soap enveloped tree .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  make sure the top-level app is not running .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  ensure   teardown
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  helper to configure any review art for the models .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  sets   configure
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  remove the elements of a list or iterable .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  remove   colors
truth:  null   null

test:  -> gpudot -> gpudot .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  counts the number of elements in a sequence .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   counts
truth:  count   count

test:  get harris points within distances distances .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  build   get
truth:  return   corners

test:  returns true if the request is ratelimited .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  flatten a flattened metadata dictionary .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return version of module .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  module   a
truth:  module   module

test:  return event to pg event events .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  renders a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  inserts   bytes
truth:  create   a

test:  generate file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  generate   arguments
truth:  null   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  display a list of items .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  link to a user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  called   a
truth:  null   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert home assistant raise_on_error .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   start
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails this plugin allows you to provide your build step requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log your build step .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  null   structure
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the named service .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  shut   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  threaded a file .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  dumps   a
truth:  open   a

test:  check if remote version of python interpreter .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  submit submit summary of switch summary and compute snapshots of the given summary .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  update   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  test on directory lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the eq-3 ble sensors .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  this is a decorate function that is a proxy .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  call   version
truth:  null   dummy

test:  loads a python module from a file given its path .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return the current active window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  if the user has a l{klein} .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  displays all episodes in a show episode .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  log   history

test:  converts nested hex arrays to rgb .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  change   a

test:  create a new compiler to use .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   run
truth:  generate   generate

test:  perform a blaze string to not restore strings .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  test   display
truth:  exception   exception

test:  checks the type of picks and determine the type of picks .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  checking   chocolatey
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  waits for the element to become a template .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the path to the been downloaded data .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   method

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   list
truth:  create   a

test:  iterate over genbank formatted entries .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  breaks   up

test:  luhn all the card of a number of characters .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  given   a
truth:  test   test

test:  select a single string or may not contain any list1 list1 .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  select   validates
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  mock the default imread .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  mock   null
truth:  function   function

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  function   string
truth:  to   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  like   text
truth:  null   something

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator doesnt have errors .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  flag   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  forces a string to handle the user .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  replace   endpoint
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  show list of labels .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  generate   details
truth:  show   image

test:  display a schema version .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a python name in a python dictionary .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  generate rdataset logic .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  see   null

test:  parses a protocol from a node and a tree .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  use imports to put in post import to avoid currently supported by invoice .
truth: internal function . 
test:  lock   null
truth:  function   function

test:  create a dict from an object .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  return   method
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a source .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  to   chocolatey
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  evaluate mesh .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  add   resolves
truth:  correct   correct

test:  run a notebook notebook .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  output   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  returns the python module if it has been modified .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  converts an admin model to a comment .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  template   null
truth:  return   return

test:  renders a django template .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  render   render
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  sets the logging verbosity .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a function receives a product of arguments .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  if you already have a valid credentials and either a field or username .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  delete a vpc peering connection .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  validates configurations for compatible with user configurations .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  validate   output
truth:  null   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   returns
truth:  needs   null

test:  find occurrences of a resource .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a collection of py2exe that exist in a given repository .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  combine   update
truth:  git   git

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  instructs   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list permissions for a cassandra cluster .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   permissions
truth:  list   permissions

test:  checks whether folder is hidden hidden folder .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a standard range header into a tuple of range header and last header .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the array with elements of arrays .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a volume name to a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  converts   sequence
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a long integer into a tuple of integers .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  null   a
truth:  identify   values

test:  create new dashboard widget .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  split a string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   categories

test:  returns a json representation of the splitting splitting splitting the unicode string .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  split   wrap
truth:  remove   remove

test:  setup command line args to be set .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  command   factory
truth:  setup   argument

test:  returns true if string is a syncfile .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  fake   fake

test:  remove locks from the locks .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  computes the arithmetic sum of applying the last plot .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  signal   signal

test:  gets a code to be an integer .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  get   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: exclusion this trigger can be updated to the scripts directory .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   sparse
truth:  null   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  handle   helper
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is fully a authorized editor .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  represent   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  makes a path attachment .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   a

test:  converts hex string to a color .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  convert   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  get the import type by name .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  sends a notification event .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   null
truth:  email   email

test:  join the given word with the given arguments and the arguments .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  join   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  display the repository for a repo .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  files   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively convert 2 serializable to strings .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return the intersection graph with a uniform graph .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of articles that apply to passed in topics and products .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of batch normalization for the given training .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  get   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  create an item from a dict .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  be   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  train the model class .
truth: train model . 
test:  train   helper
truth:  model   model

test:  create a service connection to a service via dnsserviceaddrecord() .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  set   a
truth:  read   a

test:  automatically adjust message .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  saves   data
truth:  fire   fire

test:  return numpy array of args for args .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  returns api relationship for an api .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  flask   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of all strings .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  return   arg
truth:  joins   a

test:  return a lexer as a lexer .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  to   null
truth:  code   code

test:  return the first packages which is installed for the named group cli example: .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  test that an primary keys are the right type .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  if the input dictionary out of the feature .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a list of sql statements for all sql statements .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator to create a caller_stack task and associate it to a task .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  to   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a userrpc to get the number of instances for the given module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write a double-precision floating-point tag .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns a context dictionary page .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  build a full test harness: .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  builds   run
truth:  runs   a

test:  check that the given value is iana .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the new dashboard dashboard .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  be   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add a file system path to sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  specified   null

test:  compute vertex .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  null   get
truth:  function   function

test:  verify the validity of a function .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  test   test
truth:  calls   calls

test:  validates that some flags are present and the check flags .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  check   check

test:  shuts down the server .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shuts   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  elementwise natural logarithm function .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   null

test:  cast to unicode dammit! written because python2 are not already unicode .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  string   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the data to a fitting format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  transforms the output of parse() into a tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   =
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  signal   signal

test:  search for all packages .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  return   search
truth:  gather   details

test:  calls rar/unrar .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   length
truth:  patch   patch

test:  same as a is b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  note   in

test:  adapt a chart rendering to a string .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  adapt   data

test:  command util .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  project   attempts
truth:  null   contributors

test:  test unicode messages .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  require git .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process telnet version using an entry .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  display   fit
truth:  show   show

test:  parse a command to determine whether it is a basic command .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  to   a
truth:  match   match

test:  do a *figure* cookie .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  upload   -
truth:  -   -

test:  check that evaluation evaluation do not match the evaluation .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   calls
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  uses   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure that the multi-character and is valid .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  if   check

test:  decorator to log a backend class .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  context   a
truth:  log   log

test:  return a dictionary of the current user .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  write 1e6 units at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   1e6
truth:  write   one

test:  return a list of unique nn with unique nn .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  remove   multiple
truth:  null   null

test:  send a simple messages to database or not .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  verify that rbenv is installed and is installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two indices .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  to   mask
truth:  ordered   null

test:  fetch a profile .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  download   download

test:  show all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort sort sort sort levels .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  empty   handles
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   download
truth:  null   builder

test:  find the alternative of a vector .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  computes   structure
truth:  null   permutations

test:  gets current data tree and formats it as a dictionary .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  parse coordinate and run combine .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  display   cutting
truth:  produce   a

test:  returns a calculators calculators function .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  parse   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  clean out the date database .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  removes   loop
truth:  called   in

test:  create a class object from an object info .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet in a vm .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   null
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  lib2to3 lib2to3 objects for the given user and user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts the given logs string into a fixed message .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  like   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a new adderror method that displays the errors .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  return   information
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  formats a relative time as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  helper function which provides a signal when a process is launched .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   a

test:  returns event transaction id for given event id .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  tries to determine the content type of the accept header for the current accept .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  get the url for the given request for the given request .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  copy a file to a string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns the number of permutations of a set of graph .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to define an iterable of generators .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a commit header .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  format   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  check if app dependencies are installed .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  validates   keys
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: scoverage this plugin allows you to define "weight" on the build .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   logparser
truth:  null   null

test:  the file system path .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of all the arguments in the given arguments .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  list   remove
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  retrieve quota usage until it associated with a given project and refresh .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  check   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  return a list of all variables that are in g .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  start recording mode and start the current request .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   recording

test:  task intended to update blog posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  update   arguments
truth:  update   update

test:  confirmation confirmation .
truth: create a user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a formatted string of the supplied key .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the maximum statistic for each non-singleton non-singleton .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  sort the given row and column .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  return   in
truth:  translate   column

test:  given an image object .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a static filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a sqlalchemy versions for a given package name .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add the system id on the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  closes out the sending db .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   a

test:  this decorator replaces the statements of the given functions .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if dist is a message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reads the log file .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  given   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  get custom access .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   null

test:  copies server_root or source to an sls file .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  copies   values

test:  wrapper to return an brick connector object .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  list   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  clean out a test case .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  cleans   remove
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  preprocesses a file .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  process   process

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create default signal map for given name and signal .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  make   create
truth:  make   null

test:  run a child command to a child process .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   run
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the nth order of the order of the order mod .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a unicode string into unicode .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  convert   a

test:  update a namespace record .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  convert a human-readable string to an integer .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the named mapping .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  return   return

test:  return the matrix to the non-zero of a .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  count   a
truth:  null   null

test:  take a fly .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of all records by type .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an active app .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  name   null
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test handling of default values .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  default   tfr
truth:  default   default

test:  get the nma notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that a string contains no whitespaces except for too large .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  setup the product platform .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  force the given context_lines name and return the whole answer .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  if   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  extracts and return html string from a possible response .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure the named user is absent .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  make a plot .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  load   load

test:  get a method object from a method name .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to import and return the list of all the versions defined by the given module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  import   a

test:  determine scale and fractions for unix definition_type .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return all the manifest of all addons .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  return   tasks
truth:  list   resources

test:  validate a oneof validator .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  has   null

test:  publish a orthogonal from a matched level .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  publish   null

test:  create a new consumer .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  list   download
truth:  detects   logos

test:  dummy function for cli interfaces to dummy variables parameters x : array-like input variable .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  null   view
truth:  function   function

test:  private feature regression .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  computes   data
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if it already exists .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the amount of nodes that are supported on the cpu architecture .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  supported   return

test:  parse a string referring to unicode .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  extract   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to get valid credentials credentials using credentials .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  validate   helper
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  schedule the schedule guard .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  disables   store
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get information about the certificates for the user .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  compress   verifies
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy a file .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  copy   copy

test:  fetch links from a url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  url   a
truth:  download   download

test:  parse tal tal data .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper function to handle a location of a dataset .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  works   a
truth:  null   custom

test:  filtered version of the alerts controller .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   home

test:  generate sequences script .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  register a python value from a buffer .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  given   a

test:  clear the cached service .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  used   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  converts all keys in a dictionary to a pdnode object .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a dictionary of readme files to the metadata for the repository shed by the received .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return information about the specified network status cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   shows
truth:  display   a

test:  returns the replacement for a given cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  split a path string on a path .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  loads an image .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   find
truth:  base   base

test:  read a socket from a socket file and return the contents of the socket .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  read   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  constructs a wsgi cherry .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  request   null
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a wcs from the given string of a two-dimensional n-queens .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  make a user a group .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  temperature   a
truth:  null   a

test:  copy test or tk to media .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  file   copy
truth:  copies   a

test:  return a multiline position from a string .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  to   method
truth:  turn   a

test:  decorator for service .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send notification notification .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  send   representation
truth:  show   system

test:  link to the bokeh github user .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  issue   link
truth:  to   link

test:  a with-context that creates a temporary directory and returns its path .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  clears the path between node1 and node2 .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  check   check

test:  update resource from resource in resource .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  parses a yaml file .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  for a given year and return the result .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  download   packages

test:  return configuration value for the key specified in the current device .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  get   configuration
truth:  return   configuration

test:  list all hosts on the system .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an a browser widget for the given parent widget .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  update   set
truth:  return   a

test:  this makes sure that the default scope for the given dictionary of properties .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  changes csrf token for a request - sets the csrf token should be created for security groups .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   return
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns the author of the user with given user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  returns   correct
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros and values of the airy function or compute the airy function ber(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  keeps content from the different locales .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  combine   content
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate a one-dimensional step size for a model .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decorator to define a function to run in parallel .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  to   multiple
truth:  null   element

test:  renders a form that renders the rendering .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   render
truth:  create   a

test:  set the version string to use as a filtering for a given version .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  return   null
truth:  manage   paths

test:  decodes an entity instance into a memcache instance .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   entity

test:  remove the doc-building group .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  remove   syntax
truth:  return   a

test:  get all the descriptors and their associated descriptors .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of choices to get choices .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  opens mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  null   header
truth:  create   create

test:  takes a batch of batches .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  takes   generator
truth:  splits   x

test:  retrieve timedelta object from the unit .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that the minimal layer is tips .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  have   helper
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create an equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  create and return a 8601 instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a model class to a model class for use in a list of search properties .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  yield the named temporary directory .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  return   set
truth:  null   null

test:  just a code literal .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  retrieve   source
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  try to setup the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos versioninfo with versioninfo versioninfo and return it as tuple with versioninfo .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  project notifications view and delete existing project .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  project   notifications

test:  load a module given its absolute path .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  converts a datetime instance to a time in the active time zone .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the indexes of the second kind of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   a

test:  function called by grabbing time .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the string name of a function .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  get   find
truth:  match   match

test:  read llite stats file .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  returns   ports
truth:  read   read

test:  test reading evoked data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   transformation
truth:  test   test

test:  find the python traceback in a console file .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   find
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: critical marks the jenkins build for the jenkins machinery .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   null

test:  the scenario matches with tags should respond when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a complete file from a given file name .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  error if interrupt server is interrupt .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the leading coeffcient of f in k[x] .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create host interface according to the host interface .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   host
truth:  create   new

test:  load given path from standard buffer .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  given   load
truth:  given   import

test:  test that userdict access to userdict .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  create   use
truth:  verify   user

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  constructs   a

test:  adds an empty path to the file .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  ensures   remove
truth:  given   a

test:  create a pydot with the data from a pydot .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  deprecated use this code .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  check   function
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  date/time a category for an entity .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   virtual

test:  loads a modules from its name .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  a list of tasks .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  returns the access token for the application .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  returns   standard
truth:  get   get

test:  parses an data into a string containing position starting at position start .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  generates macro macro for the same string .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert column was a column into a column .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  change   fix
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check for _ _ .
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  -min_elemwise{x a file .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  multiplies   returns
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  generate a random discrete discrete discrete stochastic matrix .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors and q from d d and q .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  null   factors
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart the network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  restart   swap
truth:  do   null

test:  function that returns true if the object was closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  null   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set the console buffer for a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get command line parser to create the options .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   default
truth:  create   create

test:  add x intersections from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return the configured agent settings .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  marks a view function as exempt from a csrf response .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  deprecated   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  get the list of zookeeper ips for the specified location .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the code created on the device .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   product
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves the service type from the function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  returns   service
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  test that "camera" image can be loaded .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  function   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the a record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   features
truth:  return   return

test:  returns localename .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  split   in
truth:  use   in

test:  create a scalar scalar from the given component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  fill   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  check code to see if cpaste is installed .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  test   checking
truth:  code   code

test:  create the data to a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  debug   accepts
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing a column in fill_values should only replace masked columns or comma .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the given string has a valid url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  update global state .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  patch   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the given object is a pointer object .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   null
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the format that the comment linked to the given vim .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   response
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the given process is swapping a swapping loader .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   null

test:  establish certificate .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  convert   in
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  initialize rnn .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  return   return

test:  run a node .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  run   order
truth:  to   function

test:  get the file name for the filename .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  no colors .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  clears   structure
truth:  is   null

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - that encodes the returned object into a dict that is not a com object - that is the returned object .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  reconid id of a complex matrix to a numpy array .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  convert   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  takes a list of size and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a string representation of a pipe line .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set up mock response for a given url .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for series and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  prints the host and print the host .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  converts data to float .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  is   product
truth:  value   value

test:  returns true if x is true .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  return   return

test:  returns user information for a django user .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  gets   try
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  maps rule to vary retrieval for a vary request .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  hook   json
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  get all available config .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates the remote sources of remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   repo
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  how many video outputs does this media player have? .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  start a file .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  start   start
truth:  null   helper

test:  print current twitter api rate status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  return true if the tree can be modified .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  to   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a secret object from the given secret .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  replace   returns
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the grid information for a trashed file .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a set of all the functions that have a maximum .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  returns   pull
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current error object .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   none

test:  returns a random xsrf token that implements the current xsrf key .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a reference to a given reference object .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  make the records .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  start   states
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return actual file path .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  obj   names
truth:  filename   filename

test:  return the context for the specified encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  settings edit page .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   sqlobjects
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test xors with c- .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   calibration

test:  load the named service cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  count   reload
truth:  stop   stop

test:  a regex that makes sure a regex is still one .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  null   username
truth:  validates   validates

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   things

test:  return the version of the git repo .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   a

test:  binary binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   poisson
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string to a usagekey file for the given course .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  issue that the number of tables is a table .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  read   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  returns authentication credentials .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  shared   null
truth:  try   try

test:  check that the user has any permission to require a test .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pairs   null
truth:  if   null

test:  update opkg package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   pacman

test:  get the list of users that have set_linelength since the currently logged-in .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  and returns a domain representing d1 and d2 and .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  map   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all module names defined in the given module .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the skeleton of an image .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  shows the pyrax attribute that contains the first half of the first editing .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  using   null
truth:  null   mapper

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  sets   function
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  returns true if _item_ is a list of strings .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   method

test:  format a datetime object for iso8601 .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  check if we can query the device .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  to   check
truth:  function   function

test:  squares system .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  calculate   standard
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the absolute path of between included included for the specific path to skips .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if a user is a default password .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  return   check
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  moves rebulk .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  docstring   dummy
truth:  null   a

test:  template tag to serve a stylesheet .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  exponential values based on the arrays .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  register sparse units for matplotlib .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  register   register

test:  update translations in a tables .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  translated   update
truth:  translated   update

test:  converts numpy dtype to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  string   numpy
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  parses a identifier character .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  parses   waits
truth:  passes   null

test:  calculate use for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a list of names .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   download
truth:  return   return

test:  function to check the shape of a variable .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  create   return
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return encoding for preferred environment .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  deletes the local cache for the given local cache .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  sha-256 a message as email .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the status of the status as root .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a set of forest sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  builds the serial port spec for the options specified .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  config   config

test:  calculate all emails scores for logs .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  string   null
truth:  is   null

test:  allow other user to view and permission to keeping a user .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  add   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  accepts a numpy array of type labels and returns a one-hot array .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  load   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all repos in the repo .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  builds and returns a dictionary of all broken tests .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  files   run
truth:  load   load

test:  create a default py type for a type .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  change   unicode
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  add   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  validates event -> listeners .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   register
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   del
truth:  remove   remove

test:  checks if a user has a default queries for the specified natural key .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  if   check
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  add intersections of the loop from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  get   add
truth:  add   add

test:  decode a dbkey string into a python name .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  return   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  force the given path to the given path .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  change   path
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  attach a content-disposition file to the given address and send it .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the known known settings .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  returns   session
truth:  get   get

test:  updates the local repository in the local repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  evaluate a packet record .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  add   send
truth:  send   a

test:  get the latest snapshot e .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pick   pick

test:  sort the given objects and returns the corresponding plot object .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  null   input
truth:  slices   a

test:  return list of language codes for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get path path .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate qos_specs specs for given qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  return a conn object for the passed job id .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  get   display
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the gaussian state parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  check to see if the specific desired package has been marked as any of the requirements requirements .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  read preference .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  read   read
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the dataset is mappings by the system .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of the second bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  find   test
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit user to registered their tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   user
truth:  submit   user

test:  this view is called by the concatenation of the file .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  ticketstatus view .
truth: status view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   show
truth:  list   list

test:  given a list of amount .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  get   use
truth:  function   function

test:  pull a single collection in a group .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  convert list of transport to a <div> description .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  test   a
truth:  describe   null

test:  ensure the javascript message was logged in the given parsers .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   check
truth:  make   null

test:  tests the choke in a suffix .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  update the local module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  update   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return running totals .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  url   a
truth:  running   running

test:  write an md5 hash to file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  a blank field for entry .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  null   null
truth:  module   module

test:  create a recursive shell of a shell shell shell on the device .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  return   filters
truth:  return   return

test:  read user choice .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  read   default
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  place a database under migration migration .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  listen   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a new image with given url .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  url   a
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks arrays vertically .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  arrays   converts
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel content descriptors .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   camelcasenames
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  converts list of tuples to a iterables .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  return   null
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  checks to see if the rdp server is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  the first item in seq .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  if holiday falls on linux .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  if   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  build the config from unset unset .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  configure   patch
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a machine by name and wait for a console to trigger a console to an instance .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  creates   virtualbox
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  allow specific user to select logic .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  represent   versions
truth:  using   registry

test:  return the current migration records .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  return   default
truth:  clear   null

test:  an empty store that sets up its automatic directory .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  to   test
truth:  create   a

test:  tokenize an iterable .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  content   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the decimal decimal fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given two images .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  null   elements
truth:  null   spline

test:  build commands to be used for subprocess arguments .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  make   run
truth:  command   command

test:  retrieves the information on the active history queue .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python files in the package files and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that pdbbreakpoint -> gpu optimization .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  check if the firewall is available on the system .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  return   a
truth:  show   show

test:  a helper to make a url including a given text .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  text   characters
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries and returns a dictionary of logs .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid :term:view callable .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  retrieve   factory
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns the path to the current engine .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  package   remove
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return string with all up to a regular expression .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  does   null

test:  convert binary array to nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   binary
truth:  string   string

test:  return time by album .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  truncate text to a javascript object .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  parse   action
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return available packet datacenter datacenter datacenter .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fill the defaults .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  make   sql
truth:  assuming   a

test:  starts a background process and wait until the process has not been run .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  run   cleanup
truth:  runs   a

test:  get the standard deviation of the current python 3 .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  competency controller .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the service name for this process .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  show   properties

test:  reverse the file descriptor .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  run   a

test:  decorator that assign a method to base the complete test .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: url specifies the url scm repository for this job .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   gitlab
truth:  url   url

test:  login to the output of the markdown .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  run   display
truth:  point   point

test:  create a slice of grouped data .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  utc   factory
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return the indentation of a indentation .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of all the public projects that have affected to access .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  uncache the given path .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator that returns a function as a tuple .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  construct   a

test:  change the environment dict for the current process .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  supply   null

test:  retrieves the best match for a given unit .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  adjust   null
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a given given source to a given set of files to an existing directory .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  call   call

test:  helper to compile a client .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   runs
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  redirect to a given request .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  load   redirect
truth:  generate   a

test:  create a remote file to pull remote access to the remote sources .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  build   helper
truth:  pull   pull

test:  joins the announcements permissions" for the given object and populates the template context with the given object containing that value .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  use   null
truth:  null   null

test:  concatenate variables along an op to the given axis .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  join   show
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  query the data and return the icon .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   list
truth:  query   a

test:  parse authorization grant header into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   list
truth:  parse   parse

test:  maximum absolute path .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  computes   null

test:  method for sha-1 algorithm that are shared by the algorithm in the algorithm .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  map   h
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return html string that is the users payment payment .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  signal   signal

test:  displays the application .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  expected   return
truth:  renders   null

test:  receive a packet and returns the content .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  returns true if *obj* is a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   test

test:  variance of the maximum likelihood likelihood .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters or special characters in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  parses an object using unicode string .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  parses   return
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs input_seqs to output_seqs_f .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  convert descriptor to log(p) .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  return   serialize
truth:  read   head

test:  coerce a list to a list of strings .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  turns   function
truth:  to   null

test:  helper function for computing the matrix of legendre scale .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  null   scaling
truth:  null   discrete

test:  consume the iterator .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  iterate   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  formats a human-readable string as a long integer .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  formats   format
truth:  format   a

test:  type delete an existing request .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  if   validate

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  output   output
truth:  testing   testing

test:  resample with 0 .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a tuple of major minor minor version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  return   version
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns information about the xblocks available for the specified course .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test fill chart rendering with a serie .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   chart
truth:  fill   fill

test:  get the instructortask status for a given instructortask .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   status

test:  find the maximum likelihood .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  null   real
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if path can be a link to a link .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  this is func1 .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  null   comparison

test:  create a new deferred .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  force func to delete the file .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  null   null
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start the windows time service :return: the services service :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  gets a random pages on the pages .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  return   one
truth:  get   a

test:  load the given module using the glance module .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   image

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a list of corresponding to a popupexception tree .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the context with a authn context .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a list of installed distribution names .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   a

test:  unpack the files in a list of files .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   verifies
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  create_connection -> registering object like socket .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  create   return
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  return the list of lookup matches the given expression lookup .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  return   return
truth:  search   a

test:  custom spam spam file to the files zip and return a filepath .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  compress   null
truth:  compress   null

test:  the package is a new-style proxy here .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  null   accepts
truth:  null   sessions

test:  return a list of data containing the given data and a dict .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  return   data
truth:  form   form

test:  returns the english article for english article .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns a network_fn .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  allow   user
truth:  given   a

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if an empty version is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   test

test:  catch exception handler .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  null   freshdesk
truth:  function   function

test:  adds context variables to the context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  context   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using the downhill find a nonlinear class .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  minimize   a

test:  sets the controls from the controls .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  sets   controls
truth:  controls   controls

test:  try to open the command path .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  register   helper
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given a valid activities to an exploration .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  to   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  create a new api service with a given cluster .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  solves riccati order differential equations using the solves u_2 = order of riccati .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  null   null

test:  use pexpect to open the output of show ip int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  require setuptools packages if setuptools is installed .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  disable   returns
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  returns the conjugate-transpose of a matrix examples .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract the message .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  obtain the certname associated with a configuration file .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg server requires master config to be enabled via master .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  return a function to create a new variety for a given key .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  start   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the volume name from a volume .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  construct   validates
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  uninstall one or several gem .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  transform a series into a list of /-delimited .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  tokens   transform
truth:  transforms   a

test:  get line with given lines .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  creates a new computenode and populates a new entry in the most fields .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  using   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  searches for brew github searches that are not existing .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a monitor service .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  forced   attempt
truth:  remove   a

test:  validates utf8 strings for unicode to utf-8 bytes .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a valid number for the specified type and number of anywhere .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  print out the vcode cookie .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  creates   method
truth:  -   -

test:  return a list of all available rules .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return path to a pid or conf file for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   path

test:  add a logger to newline .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   a

test:  the genslices integer is a c{new} of n .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  null   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts the classical ip address to an integer .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  convert utc 8601 format to utc .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  null   one
truth:  null   inverse

test:  similar to readnonwhitespace .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  reports   null
truth:  report   report

test:  :: :: .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  do   change
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: tox this plugin allows you to provide the tox build of the build pattern that have a tox .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   age
truth:  null   tox

test:  it should extract the scenario name .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test ndarray support .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   i
truth:  issue   issue

test:  convert a path such as a months string .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  transform   name
truth:  converts   a

test:  return url to async .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson decimal128 to bson .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  checks if a log path matches the given path .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  verifies   n
truth:  null   helper

test:  run interpolated in a file .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  show   features
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  add complex drill hole to negatives .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  free each namedtuple of the shared line .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  converted   expand
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  run sql query and return the results as a dict .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  store one or more file .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  creates   copy
truth:  persist   parser

test:  pull all oauth .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  list   null
truth:  append   oauth

test:  files which are built by the whitelist and verify that all files can inserts with a normal format .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  build up the datastore data from configuration .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  open and remove the commands .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   compare
truth:  open   svg

test:  this method provides a generator of parsed groups of a "group" groups .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  [file_name -> tuple the column column and returns the deferred that has a node that is less than x and the column number .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   cylinder
truth:  add   add

test:  return a ora2 object with some quickmarks .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  lock   lock
truth:  lock   lock

test:  provide a com object that can fire the type of the type .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   a

test:  verifies that a given certificate matches the given certificate .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks for a files in the s3 bucket cache file .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  show all the static field and put second second for the given objects .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  given   null
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up and return session in session .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  gets information about the karma of a karma .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a test for openshift-svc-verify ensures that the p39 was created .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  null   null
truth:  m   m

test:  takes a cron file system and returns full path to a cron file .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  traverse mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   directory
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator for decorator that skips a function if not a particular test .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  iterate through all files and return the tree .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  returns options dictionary of params which can be used to configures configuration .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  have   null

test:  return the python shell shell shell shell in use .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function measures the output of each symlink in the future .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  is   function
truth:  implements   generic

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   bom
truth:  validate   children

test:  runs the command line application .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  create   create

test:  build a command line of a fromfile file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  filename   version
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the largest embedded image .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns all violations violations in the given superclass .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  returns   -
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  marks strings as the easy attribute .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  create custom extras .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  replaces   project
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  process the xml element .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   process
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] = b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  null   set
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find the given member in a wx .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  null   one
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a generator that can returns n .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   run
truth:  returns   returns

test:  internal utility for getting the gpu .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   memory

test:  setup the events for the a*[x .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   helper
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return mongodb connection to a mongodb connection cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the list of sm backend config for a specific backend .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parses a volume info .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  wrapper around allowing log messages .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  decorates   string
truth:  log   log

test:  remove markdown text from the user its html .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to a database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   database

test:  return rvm version of rvm .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  get   a
truth:  update   rvm

test:  log error .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect unix streams to a stream .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  check   redirect
truth:  redirect   a

test:  verify mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  takes a documentation of text as a string .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  text   returns
truth:  annotate   a

test:  adds timed info to a given section in a given course as a dictionary .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   in

test:  strip plaintext characters and make them available to the path .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  module   strip
truth:  strip   strip

test:  atomically remove a path .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  return third matrix .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   encode
truth:  return   matrix

test:  makes a matrix from a linear matrix .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  return the all/specified notebook based on the appropriate notebook .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  report   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  gets anonymous user by id .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   user

test:  imports imports with given code .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generate   attempt
truth:  generates   a

test:  fix the module that was renamed to provide the modules .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  replace   helper
truth:  replace   division

test:  consumer of interface_decorator events .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  to   email
truth:  sets   sets

test:  add the directory in dirlist dirlist dirlist dirlist to the list dirlist .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return a state container container container container container id container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  start   container
truth:  get   container

test:  convenience function wraps mr .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  tokenize   a
truth:  function   function

test:  create and return a mongo record .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in myanmar .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  file   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends an integer to the specified tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  changes   login
truth:  create   a

test:  compare two projectors and right are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  asserts   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  page rendered with a valid width .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  computes   page
truth:  generates   null

test:  helper to convert to string .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert a real directory name to a connected url .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  find   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  new item add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  index   null
truth:  null   item

test:  returns a list of javascript fields for the given form .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative jn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  return true if the input rate limit is set .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  to   string
truth:  pass   pass

test:  rgb to rgb color space conversion .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   rgb

test:  lists if current working directory has a local path .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  mount up and remount if needed .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  initialize   up
truth:  try   try

test:  simple wrapper to handle rsa operator .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  msg   msg

test:  try to determine if a url is a escaped url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  test   test

test:  close any square root of a square matrix x .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  compare   features
truth:  verify   null

test:  verify inheritance doesnt get the same object .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  verify   verifies
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a node for working with a given query .
truth: create a node . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the long description for this process .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  build   return
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  get the list of disk devices .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  toggle   detach
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access to the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register internal definition as internal definition .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  close the status of a referred .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  close   children
truth:  closes   null

test:  register a special log handler for this module .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  register   log
truth:  registers   a

test:  check if an error is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  asserts   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy a query to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  query   query

test:  remove gating projects associated with the given content usage key associated with the given content usage .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  remove   nova
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shut   null
truth:  null   null

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  validates that encoding is valid and can be used .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  validates   try
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts an error from a raw error given as a string .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  to   null

test:  read tag data from file and return as byte string .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   encoder
truth:  read   read

test:  a list of all possible dates .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  need   need

test:  renders a json file .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  return   git
truth:  render   a

test:  execute the given id and return its results .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  smooth image using pygtk images .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  smooth   null

test:  add an queries to an existing database .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  add   plugins
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  test working copy when a target already exists and has no target .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  stretch   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  validates username given username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  null   username
truth:  raises   a

test:  find gcd of a polynomial mp examples .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  null   product
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the url has unique namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  load   helper
truth:  if   null

test:  get the functions in the xml element .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  rename a source to destination .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  rename   null
truth:  source   source

test:  cast a float to a float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  colorize   function
truth:  formats   a

test:  extract the version number of a version file .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  select   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  redirects request handling to the http request .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  raise   null

test:  write a table as a normal simplerst table with a normal column .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its utf-8 full width counterpart .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   appends
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check the unsupported channels .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  takes a string and a list of dictionaries or a string and returns a dictionary .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  process   process
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to return the vms object .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  function   vm
truth:  return   return

test:  convert exception e to new-style python objects .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  raise   print
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a number of bits to a string of bits .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the pci alias are valid .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  check   check
truth:  complete   generate

test:  compute the number of lines to this directory .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  stores   remove
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clear the i18n cache .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return a random integer number from a state of integer a to a multiple of arrays .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  return   change
truth:  function   function

test:  it raises an exception if the requirements was not in the repository .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  remove files .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  files   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  save status to session .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  request   view
truth:  saves   current

test:  this updates the execution in the database .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  updates   create
truth:  add   add

test:  retrieves the snapshots metadata for a collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   collection
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the current locale to listen on the system .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  if   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  return information about the node info .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an authorization code in the filesystem code .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  etc_services   exchanges
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  fingerprint fingerprint of home page .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  url   null
truth:  build   html

test:  helper: get a datetime from quarter to quarter .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  run   python
truth:  extract   date

test:  wrap utility to raise an exception .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  requests   code
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decompress data on a trail file .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  scramble   source
truth:  null   null

test:  customize intended to the compiler .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  manage   run
truth:  null   inject

test:  returns the template for the given template instance and 'templates' .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  test   check
truth:  gets   a

test:  returns the region codes for a specific country code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  create new file in all python source files .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  initialize   open
truth:  function   function

test:  list data in a given monitor .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  check   a
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  declare a class interfaces this function is called by a class name in a class definition .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  list active mounts on mac os systems .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  search for use in a we find the we dont search for a given search .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  return a random id associated with provided id .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a beets query string .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new folder .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fetches a private exploration from the given exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the current permission meets the given builtin .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  parse an headers in the input header .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  build   a

test:  create a list of parameters .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get authentication password .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a rejectionline polynomial for testing .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokalmichener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  retrieves the current mysql error .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  look   in

test:  converts data and a list of ownership objects to a string .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  make sure ast strings are valid .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  null   versions
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the relative path of a .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  compute   master
truth:  null   a

test:  return the unicode text before a given path .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a index exists and has the given index .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use a name that has a type name .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  cast bytes to unicode .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  basestring   url
truth:  if   null

test:  saves current response to a specified stream .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the host information for a given host .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  function   return
truth:  find   find

test:  instantiate cls using cls .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  callback for change of quota .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  returns the amount of cpu used for the current request .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  call the given string .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  string   translation
truth:  string   string

test:  move the old style file to a staging directory .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  deprecated   processing
truth:  files   files

test:  require pootle language .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  train a root of shell variables .
truth: train a model . 
test:  creates   hook
truth:  train   a

test:  parse "xfs_info" information and merge dictionary parsed from "xfs_info" .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns svn changes for an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  gather   file
truth:  changes   changes

test:  function that takes as input and returns the closest frequencies .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  to   service
truth:  null   opposite

test:  jarque bera polynomial manually .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  null   function
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found inside the first object .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  provide the path to the tracker that contains the image type .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  attributes   identification
truth:  module   identification

test:  this function indicates if small and return something to a transaction .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  converts   up
truth:  prompts   null

test:  tests that handling of an error is raised when the input is at the same time .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  null   user
truth:  test   test

test:  a scenario matches with tags should respond with tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a tag namespaces .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return true if url resolves to a safe url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if an rpm package is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  old style style system .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   test
truth:  function   function

test:  get the value of markdown .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge a character/entity .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  converts   layer

test:  processes an puts() limit and returns a template with the given context .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  used   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  adds a average average to each process of the relaxed .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  clears the function .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  grabs   view
truth:  execute   null

test:  check permission permissions for media user .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  load app tests from a given test directory .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  load   test
truth:  provide   a

test:  list lists of lists to a table .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  list   entry
truth:  show   show

test:  prints all pagination info .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  compare two inverse samples .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   distribution
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  get the ancestor template .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  list   parse
truth:  to   method

test:  run swift_conf_file and execute the code snippet .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  set the given properties on a computenode and populates it with the most recent data .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  adjust   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  clear the node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  retrieve   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  get the configured harmonic frame for the document .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  returns   put
truth:  return   return

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of file extensions for the last invocation .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  grab   a

test:  parses ml headers and returns a dictionary of ml information .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  takes   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send email to inform service creation .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  send   schedule
truth:  send   session

test:  return the number of number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  registers a new registration form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  register   set
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  call signature:: xscale .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  update   a
truth:  wrap   table

test:  execute a system command and return the subcommand if the timeout is not false .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  set   set

test:  combine two strings into a single filename .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this splits a regular expression into a regular expression .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   foo

test:  default await object obj for every value in await .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  add a server:port server to a service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  send email notifications to the context of a given object .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  click   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dict structure instance by name and a dictionary .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop a container container container container container container container container container timeout timeout cli example: .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  given a dictionary for the given model and dictionary .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  model   model

test:  fetch symbol information .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  return   message
truth:  download   download

test:  remove users in conference if user exited from conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  expand   code
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  converts   replace
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get functions from a file .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  get   get

test:  get the container container container policy name for the container .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  get   a
truth:  talk   null

test:  return whether salt-minion is installed and some kind .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  create   map
truth:  null   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the sha contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  returns a list of the sizes to which a specific number .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  file   null
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  return the string smaller than title .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  count   count

test:  only load this module if the gluster command exists .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   summary
truth:  load   load

test:  renders a report as actions .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  call   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  look up the possible cname .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns all website for the current request .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   users
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call the given function .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   null
truth:  call   call

test:  ensure slicing model class with instance name .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  assert that an deb contains no headers in the given package .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  assert   check
truth:  fail   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  test recurrence of integer jcal .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  test   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator that assign the proper view to modifier modifier .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return true if the attribute matches the given attribute .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  match   a

test:  simple serializing detection successfully .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  display the current error .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  predefined   return
truth:  predefined   return

test:  apply a palette to an image using the given palette .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  make   null
truth:  get   pil

test:  returns a random cloud instance of "length" .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse extra info information .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert text with bytes in a byte string form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  function   build
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a log object for a type specified by the type .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller for the module .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is success .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the x and y .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  returns a human-readable stream for byte processing .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  load tasks from module and produce a module objects .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loading   loading

test:  delete to delete a resource .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  to   delete

test:  create site .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  plot   download
truth:  add   custom

test:  quote the given python string as a template .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   unescape
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge one dictionaries into another dictionary .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   a

test:  returns true if the given host is a same policy .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  null   helper

test:  elide filename .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that value is a requirements .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  given a non-negative trigger record and a new db object .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   a

test:  create a container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  form a standard cgi-style string and returns a dictionary of headers suitable for the requests messages .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get_prosite_entry -> handle get a handle to a mailcap file .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  view function to run changed .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   run

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  execute   processing
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the contenttype file .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  return   import
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses the certificate and returns a tagged certificate .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  find   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set the rate limiting behavior of the minimum connection .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  main function runs this function .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to return a dictionary containing a minimum of ip places .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a database version matches the database .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return the objects code for a given object .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  debug   code
truth:  code   code

test:  list all the languages in the language .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  list   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set attribute attribute to a default value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  null   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  parse a template into a template and return the parsed string .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  makes a new :class:command .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  make   create
truth:  makes   a

test:  return the called by the hardware .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  gets the attribute of the given template .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  return the url string from the url like: url : url of the url to return the oauth one .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  splits each line and produce the sequences .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   metadata
truth:  parse   parse

test:  run copy of python script .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  null   frappe
truth:  minify   +

test:  setup the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  create a testcase to make sure that assign a series of all the correct fahrenheit .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  make   factory
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a random url-safe string of the data .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  write the carving of a gcode file .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  analyze   a

test:  populate module and state and state info in workflow .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  extract   task
truth:  used   null

test:  prints out the jupyter version information .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  return   params
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  verify that a given gem is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test uninstall package with reqs .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstall   fix
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  a convenience function for simulating .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stack   stack

test:  returns the info of a process .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  build   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that nan we crash to detect nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update environ defaults for testing purposes this adds various replace wsgi request for wsgi wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   environ
truth:  update   environ

test:  convert symmetric symmetric matrix to symmetric matrix .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  verifies that all files are present and should be present .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  file   url
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  function to ensure that the test case exists .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  test to ensure that chaining together as expected to a nullable .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return the selected matplotlib backend backend .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  get   null
truth:  list   list

test:  atomically atomically atomically with writeable and perms/view .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  context   file
truth:  open   temporary

test:  load an image from file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  loads   image
truth:  load   a

test:  a numeric tree symbols to determine if a tree is not a valid tree .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a function that can be used to provide the current context .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  func   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator to build a command line options .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  given   a
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  send a branch to remote sources .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  return an item from the table .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  return   create
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  prints a function and stores it .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  convert gdalraster file system metadata to a mapping file .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  read   a

test:  start popular installrequirement .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  fixture   update
truth:  help   help

test:  return a condition object based on given curve .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  preface the carving of a gcode file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  outline   a

test:  plot the day summary of a single day summary .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  validate the indices along an edge .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  open   validates
truth:  to   helper

test:  computes the strings in the strings regexes regexes for strings a given strings .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  string   string

test:  checks the sum of the feature .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  sum   measure
truth:  compute   norm

test:  this is called by the servicetester .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  renders the markdown escape to be logged in markdown .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves the separable order differential equation with a new boundary .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  parse error message .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if filename is present in the system .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  display an item from the bulk identified by its update usage tags .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  to   usage
truth:  deletes   null

test:  provide title page to the title in the response .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  get   searches
truth:  extract   null

test:  this is called by nose_runner when the final event was generated .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  provides the proto-prefix: that is used to serialize a editor .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  string   name
truth:  returns   a

test:  splits a symbolic filter .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  chops   convenience
truth:  split   operator

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if two token are equal .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to determine the default paths for the given ssl paths or default .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   paths

test:  parse an attribute .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   check

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   measure
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific tenants cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate shared otus for each type of the steps .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   gradient

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  configs   a
truth:  null   resource

test:  returns "offset links from the unix openshift-creator platform .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of products for a store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   download
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete table where and be empty .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  delete   multiple
truth:  deletes   null

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  place a quantity order specified by the specified value .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   url
truth:  place   place

test:  get an os x-specific 2-tuple of the absolute one of the hook external hook for collect and tk .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  test that column names based on a column column type .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   groups

test:  compute md5 hash of the file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   md5
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable/disable email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  runs a example and return its output as a specified calendar .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  generate   run
truth:  run   run

test:  nearest integer greatest common divisor and returns them .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   integer

test:  ensure a currency 'currency' are set as renewal .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  list   settings
truth:  return   a

test:  download current mission from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  calls appropriate functions and appropriate setup .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  call   set
truth:  calls   calls

test:  open a combined tensor and then combined records .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  tells   set
truth:  flag   flag

test:  set the root password into the given file .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  cache cache storage objects on the filesystem .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  loads   in
truth:  read   in

test:  loads a backend for an s3 plugin into a list of kind .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   return
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the named module is present .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  work   set
truth:  load   load

test:  copy a data to a file using a docssample reference .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  copy   contents

test:  return the total icon of the item or the given object .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  set   try
truth:  sets   sets

test:  bits in the block block with the same name .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  blocks   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  create sailthru list in a user .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new db statements .
truth: create the database . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   create

test:  calculate the expected discounted mvn .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  generate   fft
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  validate that the contents of the file is an expected directory .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   check

test:  converts a dictionary to a dictionary of variables .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  like   fix
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if name can still be parsed back to force season and multi .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  get name from name .
truth: if present . 
test:  find   get
truth:  present   null

test:  return a domain cname to be used in the templates .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  uses   encode
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production table .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   up
truth:  move   up

test:  make the connection and the addition .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   connect

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  get   object
truth:  object   object

test:  compute greatest - g*h where f in gf(p)[x] and a in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  results   results

test:  list all group positions .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   details
truth:  list   list

test:  extract data from a model and return a dataset class as a string .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  extract   data
truth:  express   a

test:  return a subsequence that is a common ending in sequences .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get roles for current user by id .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  get   username
truth:  returns   roles

test:  accumulate all classes into a dictionary .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  traverse   null

test:  returns a document for a document .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  like stdout but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  null   debug
truth:  like   pretty

test:  register a new types .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  raises frappe .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  if   a
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  a factory for memoizing allitems .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  set   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  set a user info cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  attempt to discover the old index .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  returns   prefix
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   start

test:  test malformed -> syslog .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  test   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  create a compiler .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  generate   alias
truth:  return   return

test:  loads elements of a single expression into a mnist .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  null   structure
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  mangle the name .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  normalized   name
truth:  mangle   a

test:  create a document with a current document .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  univariate univariate polynomial manually .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  transforms   flowgrams
truth:  function   function

test:  get the triangle mesh for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a tensor along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  is   use
truth:  computes   null

test:  run an fixed-width validates .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  null   start
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive n-sized n from list  l .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   method

test:  show idle .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  to   show
truth:  show   show

test:  provide value for the key name .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize helptopic completion model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  converts gradient dict to step strings .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  convert   fix
truth:  split   a

test:  update the state in the background change .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   state

test:  return a series of active or current axes .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the profiles directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compare two strings .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  get   compare
truth:  sets   sets

test:  start a server and start and start the modbus server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a markdown string .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  create an element from a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  add   create
truth:  add   add

test:  this function will destroy the multiprocessing called before the command .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  destroys   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  set the action id of a method to be used in the three policies .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   one
truth:  set   state

test:  find the corresponding coefficient of the given parse tree .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  display the user changes .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  display   display

test:  round a number or integer to a precision .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  open   converts
truth:  round   a

test:  decorator for registering api methods .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  figure   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  project add .
truth: new project form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  project   project

test:  asserts that two quantity objects are equal .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  null   like
truth:  raise   null

test:  removes a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return the string obtained by the passed pattern .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  downloads a response data file and save it to a url in the given url .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  return   http
truth:  download   a

test:  installs the virtual env at the given revision .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  ensure   control
truth:  install   install

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  calculate the candidate configuration files .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  save   hack
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   a

test:  calls users .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  return   users
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial release complete section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  fixture that resets a blob cloud cloud snippets .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  add a task to a queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  simple unquoting .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  calculates   checks
truth:  null   distance

test:  returns a string that can be used as a valid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  strip   string
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with undefined steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  remove an element from the point point point .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a numpy dtype .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  input   input

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  creates an rate limit for the given argument spec .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a tuple containing all files found in the given globs .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check if an available api is a set of bytes .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  null   build
truth:  validate   validate

test:  helper to find the supervisorctl for the specified resource type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   resolver

test:  test one bundle at a single bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  register   formats
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test datetime .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   error
truth:  test   date

test:  response header as vary header .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  sets   works
truth:  add   a

test:  given a private key .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  sign   sign

test:  signal to reveal the state of a corresponding dashboard .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  to   null

test:  parse a callback .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  prompt   null
truth:  translate   translate

test:  debug function for unhandled debugging .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  returns   cast
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  get a global type for the given url .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  decorate   manager
truth:  callback   callback

test:  tests whether compound characters need to be run using an axis .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  routing   null
truth:  run   run

test:  squared logarithmic error metric to spherical error .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  squared   mean
truth:  squared   mean

test:  returns true if a cohort is cohorted .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of unique elements .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  list   null
truth:  create   a

test:  create a default list of handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check whether the given socket is a socket .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  command   command
truth:  bench   bench

test:  collect and collect a valid node from a remote host .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  collects   convenience
truth:  get   a

test:  respond with the summary of all registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  list   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  declares a flag whose value must be any key in the module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  declares   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  like the integer .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  count   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return a dict of openshift using openshift for openshift .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  borrowed   null
truth:  get   current

test:  return the identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate config dict for precompute data .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   info

test:  explicitly return a string .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  remove   characters

test:  execute an item from a queue .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns a hashed hash of the given password .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter documents based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a timedelta object to fractions .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register a new oauth application .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  list   wrapper
truth:  register   register

test:  return a list of coding .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  return   one
truth:  to   function

test:  calculate the pval list of a histogram of a histogram histogram .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  iterate an iterator and all its type objects .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  map   map

test:  returns a list of salt addresses addresses associated with provided ifname .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current free disk details of a system .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  null   virtual
truth:  return   return

test:  gemm object .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  hex   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an entry from the remote server .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge two dictionaries and data .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  combines   null

test:  creates an exception object .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  display the object dialog .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  run   process
truth:  check   syntax

test:  display a skeinlayered file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   file
truth:  file   file

test:  helper to scale a bem subject to a bem .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  copy   helper
truth:  scale   a

test:  check to see if a member exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  check   a

test:  compress the directory .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  filters   path
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  checks to see if the current xml string is in a specific xml string .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  checks   checks

test:  reconstruct the object field of type field .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  get   object
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  a wrapper for formatted_attachments .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  assert   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is similar to their of divisor .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  draw graph g for scipy and other labels .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json generated generated generated as a json object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  edge betweenness centrality for nodes .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  fill   grade
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  same as a >> b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return page context variable .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  if   page
truth:  adds   null

test:  save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   string
truth:  save   properties

test:  returns a "repodir" .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  time   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize the module .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  enable   readline

test:  decode a binary string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on openbsd systems with the pki module .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  set   run
truth:  work   work

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to master .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  to   start
truth:  to   null

test:  pad s to the string .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  string   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  log a message .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  raise   validates
truth:  if   null

test:  stop the virtual application .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  test   stop
truth:  stops   current

test:  returns sqlite time in a datetime .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax checking: fail if a feature has scenarios .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  null   syntax
truth:  null   syntax

test:  extracts the requests authentication header string from the provided request .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  retrieve   search
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the language-code found in the given path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return matrix to given eigenvalues .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  lower histograms of logged logged and upper-left .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  return   points
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check if a nested example is pip correctly .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  test   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  swap an object as a code object .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  stderr   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  tests   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  return an exception formatted as a string .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  format   exception
truth:  format   a

test:  upload a child test without downloading to the tests .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  test   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  takes a start root directory and converts it to a new root .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  to   file
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a new service that will be available for the current machine .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  between a list of pending checks .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  print a message to the structure of a given file-like object .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  writes   print
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a string into a pants object .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  string   up
truth:  function   function

test:  using various tests for dependents with 2005 instead of type recursion .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  to   test
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning an editable is completely ignored .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  cloning   test
truth:  checking   checking

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build a series of the spans from a sequence of bucket .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse a iso 8601 format .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  given   a

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a list of the pattern types .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  clear the call to log .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  remove   up
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns an minpoly tensor of polynomial given an polynomial of the list of dimensions of the minpoly .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete an login profile .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  performs a reset server operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  server   a
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a u-quadratic distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read the image data as a file and return as a string .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   multiple
truth:  read   read

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  populate flocker certificates for a cluster with the given dataset .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   flocker
truth:  configure   configure

test:  make the lower flag parameters .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  convert c{bytes} groups to c{bytes} .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  create   one
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the index .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  list all iam subnet groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a shell-escaped version of path .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  prepend   null

test:  helper function to update the ajax redirect .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  load   a
truth:  query   query

test:  restores a ccx to a ccx for a given field .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  perform   sync
truth:  restore   references

test:  this should be run in the according to the python interpreter .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   show

test:  check if variable is a shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column names on table table table and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  returns true if info looks like a sgemv .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to scaled a vector to zero .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  return   return

test:  restore the defaults for a specific loggers level of the console .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  change the name of a trailing user .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  name   name

test:  return a string which maps to interpreted information about the specified header .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  converts   content
truth:  generate   a

test:  test screenshot with .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   screenshot
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  handler to make sure the datastore invoke stub .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  include   grpc
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if the changes is a amount of charset .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  calculate   point
truth:  select   null

test:  wrap a text to display it with a message containing the access text and stores the access token .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  called   null
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test to ensure that everything works as expected .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  null   check
truth:  github   github

test:  determine the sun processor processor .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  given   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  main script .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  handle   helper
truth:  null   entry

test:  set the default python module to python 3 .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  set   null
truth:  error   error

test:  configures an directly request object into a query .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  runs an exception when given an exception is raised .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  exception   test
truth:  test   test

test:  turns a kegg file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  slices a list of slices as start with kinds .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  take   shortcut
truth:  null   null

test:  the test suite should be active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  if   test
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  training controller - used for searching for summary view .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  training   events

test:  allow turning string to be a valid two-letter string .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  display   a
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a postfix submission of a postfix line .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from c++ file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test text displayed in a stimclient exception .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  complete   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  set   set

test:  remove composes user .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  retrieve   remove
truth:  support   rm

test:  extract containers .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  return   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  label encoding .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  to   color
truth:  select   null

test:  factory function that creates a new middleware and provide the google tkt middleware .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  access   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a native string that is a version of the internal counterparts .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  to   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  evaluate a python expression to a string .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  string   string

test:  completely removes the master cache files need to be removed after the image .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   remove
truth:  clear   null

test:  summarize a single summary of the vector .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  make   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  iterate over the elements of a function .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return disk block device size in bytes .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a decorator to a function in a given attribute string for a given function .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  returns   log
truth:  to   attempts

test:  every item in a and is a numeric scalar .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   numpy

test:  decorator to make a function out of a function .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for filters .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  write a component file .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   component

test:  dumps mathjax script string to a given summary .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  process   null
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing a exclude package with exclude .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  freezing   checking
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of events to be published in any of the title-case .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  api endpoint to delete a thumbnail .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  post   try
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to log datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return a string with associated number of symbol permuted .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   generator

test:  prints out the event fits fits .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  decode   event
truth:  print   event

test:  context manager that silences the given buffer .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  stores   manager
truth:  used   null

test:  set the effective user and stubbed for the current tenant cli example: .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   set
truth:  process   process

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a scipy scipy .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  run all registered objects .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  to   image
truth:  null   null

test:  removes ability from search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a base x encoded string into the alphabet .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   string
truth:  decode   a

test:  plot pending environment variables for each volume .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  export   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the url to show for the current module .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  list all users .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  retrieves the role policy for the role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the current github version is installed .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  function   attempts
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a string representing the version of tk .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the ca certificate in the text file for the ca certificate .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to make a function that checks the result type .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  null   search
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  create a symlink relative to the given path .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  yields pairs of all possible elements of k from k at a time .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check if distances can be converted to a visualization in the python representation .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  check   filter
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  return the current difference of the given mode .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  null   null
truth:  start   node

test:  delete attachment_specs for the specified attachment specs .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  load a lexers module and return a dict of availability objects .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   a

test:  parse the command line parameters .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   parse

test:  provide bound bound bound to training .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  input   note
truth:  translate   rest

test:  create a s3 object from the s3 bucket .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  to   function

test:  confirm that the user can perform a valid question .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  ask   user

test:  parses a string as a number .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a string representation of a timezone aware datetime .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set an alert device .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  get   set
truth:  null   alert

test:  return the start and default values of a topojson filesystem .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  a wrapper to remove serviceprovideeditview .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to markdown .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  check if the dbref type is inside the subcommand .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  expect a sympy expression .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  test if here is nvcc .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  the python module should not load the bad one .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  checks   checks

test:  corrupt a random integer vector .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  get   a
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  generates a list of chains between a new chain for a new chain .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get info about in in a wsgi container source .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   info

test:  decorator for setting up a function or method as input .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find the latest image that matches the distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  trigger a site .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   parses
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add an contributor to the document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  the config file should be removed .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  catches   null
truth:  save   state

test:  returns bytes in bytes .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  this function will run tests with the rounded state .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  run   unittests
truth:  run   run

test:  register a bunch of text into one socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for hub .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the latest repository record for a repository repository and changeset .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a unicode string into unicode .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  null   decodes
truth:  convert   s3

test:  example: when i run "behave .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types as the typical pre-processor c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  truncates a string after a rotation of files .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  update   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test that column qtable is shown .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  existing   replace

test:  return a valid batchjob based on expected date .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  given   start
truth:  returns   dict

test:  get the signed response according to the openid plot and the response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  parse   find
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that match groups groups are specified .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a unicode string .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  unicode   expr
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  like   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  create a new version string for the latest version .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  make   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a decorator that allows for functions to be run on the next available frame in the according to call the function .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  func   func

test:  read the wav meg .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  test basic inverse list_identities .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  given a port and a port .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get an access token for given rpc and uncached .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  access   access

test:  write the first index file to the group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  write   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  moving   deviation
truth:  null   exponential

test:  non-recursive directory to use for files in the given directory .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if there is an hdf5 development container .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  determine   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  prepare a remote system .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   a
truth:  command   command

test:  credentials credentials that are authorization to a new client .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  calculates the l2 projection of f .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  plugin   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  checks if a string is an ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  get the absolute area of a loop .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test if the generated tool has a isoread .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the unittest flags flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  if the call is not enabled .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  is   a

test:  compute a key .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  null   key
truth:  create   a

test:  break cut after menus .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  cutting   search
truth:  given   a

test:  bivariate gaussian at x shape .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  returns   structure
truth:  give   null

test:  matching the given function using fcgi .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  loads   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or all items from the queue queue .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  function   function
truth:  pop   one

test:  return an initialized input variable .
truth: input data . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  input   data

test:  validates the arguments against the given arguments .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  validates   attempts
truth:  if   check

test:  test installing from local local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return the exit code of the currently running the passed version .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function for initializing a single argument .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  create a file object .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  format   a

test:  a simple view that returns a get request .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  serialize python object into base64 .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  to   object
truth:  given   null

test:  return a potential potential representation of a potential system .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  short   item
truth:  null   energy

test:  returns the contents of an object to a dictionary .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  copy   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a tuple of bban .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  return   apts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab a lock on job:table_sizes and call runonce .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  given a string and a dictionary of xml data .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  appends   root
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the third axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   function
truth:  prints   a

test:  this decorator wraps the test method as subtest .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  retrieve a named entry from a named named list of dicts .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  create   register
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get a variable .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  get   values

test:  ensure a pmap class is set to a class .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  called when the top of all the theme default values are called .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  default   default

test:  migrates the value of a builtin manager to remove all viewfinder from the database .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  migrate   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if the named vms exists .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  authenticate a client for authenticate .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : unary_expression unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  returns the percentage of the configuration configuration .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use this function to delete a temporary file .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  given   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  determines whether the specified package needs to be preceded by pyglet cli example: .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  set the data from the clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  null   data
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  check to see if the slug list for a slug .
truth: check slug . 
test:  to   a
truth:  check   slug

test:  returns true if all column characters are all in the same order .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  reverse   fill
truth:  search   search

test:  get project objects .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  return   null
truth:  project   project

test:  get a compute node by name .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  merges hash data .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  sets   code
truth:  given   a

test:  fast collect collect a list of arrays as a cli .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  return a datetime object for the given date .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  return   return
truth:  guess   guess

test:  getconn an object .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  apply   print
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove the module .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   rest

test:  makes increasing candle .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  increasing   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return the version of a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the android handler where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  shows all events in the specified events .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  test   page
truth:  null   page

test:  variance of the asymmetry of a vector based on the clients defined by banded along the given condition .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  defines   returns
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the wiener filter .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  provides   helper
truth:  mean   mean

test:  show info from an installed image uuid : string uuid of image uuid uuid : boolean toggle uuid of show executed retcode cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  run   info
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parse a version string like "2004-08-30 .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check that the entrance exam exists for the given exam .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  do   session
truth:  grabs   null

test:  verify that calling reuse methods on subclasses should be a sharedmethod when the subclasses is called .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  raising   verifies
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a dict of setter methods for a given mapping .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  null   locattr
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the complex polygon .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the properties of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the string expression expression .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  compute   harris

test:  get the repr of a repr .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  makes a query .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  build   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  add a broadcast .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   edit
truth:  add   a

test:  search for a package in the list of locustfile .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  existing   -
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns true if the ip is running in the down port .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  if   return
truth:  ip   ip

test:  add a host to the /etc/hosts .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test find-links as a requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  return   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform an minfo record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  itemfield view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  send email or log messages out of a target .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  sends   run
truth:  copied   null

test:  make sure the new command is set .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  test   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  load map scores into a set of scores .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  null   load
truth:  read   a

test:  return contextwin .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  return   a
truth:  win   null

test:  process the given source file and wrapper with the given name .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  process   markup

test:  test print/repr with default values .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   fakedrivers
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  prints all commands in the database cli example: .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   null
truth:  commits   a

test:  require a given library name .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  if   a
truth:  specify   a

test:  try to read the most recent atomic atomic .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  return   run
truth:  null   variant

test:  marks a user as complete for the given user and xblock .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  set   set

test:  fixture which checks if a locked is in the test .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  return a list of view-only extensions to getterminalsize() .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a metering of the document and != .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  text   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate volume type from given qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  create a file-back function that returns the aggregate function .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine appropriate file type for a filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  to   name
truth:  given   null

test:  removes the url including any / .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: delivery-pipeline requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log parser plugin <delivery+pipeline+plugin> .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  null   url
truth:  modified   version

test:  read the configuration from the database .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restore   config
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  associate a previously expression with a particular expression .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert s to str .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   conversion

test:  test packagefinder wedge .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  test our lib can be used to poni .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  test   null
truth:  add   add

test:  check if object is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : init_declarator_list comma semi .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   student

test:  yields zfs components .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  return   no
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 2-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether a signature exists .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  suspend   json
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the likelihood likelihood of the gamma function .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  map   plot
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  bytestrings fit instance .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fit   fit

test:  tests that the compatibility compatibility with the correct compatibility compatibility .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  determines if minimum minimum minimum output would occur .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  passing   null

test:  calculate a datetime object for a given timedelta .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  returns   cycle
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  validates validates for use in the database .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  try to extract an entry from the "code" header info as string indicating the request .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two strings a and b are identical .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   check
truth:  compare   elements

test:  returns a relative url string .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check that flow two search information are dynamic .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  to   try

test:  signal to update the handler on instance .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify all the given knn function weights .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  function   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  return the energy of the first kind of n core_2(n) .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  render   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove all administration from the database listed in a long manner .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  modifies   null

test:  return a list of all files for a specific type .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  returns   service
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new collection .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute summaries for a variable .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  null   prediction
truth:  attach   a

test:  extract a set of datasets from a document_pb .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  performs   create
truth:  copy   a

test:  decorator for the named extension .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  to   decorator

test:  ensure that given command exists .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   httpd
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  download a total total total range of a server .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  use   version
truth:  command   command

test:  returns true if list looks like a list .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   method

test:  make sure the text is cleared properly .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  update default configuration options for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  validates   options
truth:  default   default

test:  wrapper for naughty_strings .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  return   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  check that an input file contains a directory .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  default   version
truth:  files   files

test:  shows format .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  renders   context
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the name of the git revision associated with the given logger .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : ] integer .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  a shortcut for timing .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  increments   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return masking information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   up
truth:  return   return

test:  use this decorator to wrap a function that returns a specific argument name .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a function sample sample model .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  null   get
truth:  construct   null

test:  compute gcd of f and expression .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  jitter a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  get a default python object .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the specified output contains n columns .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <log+parser+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  check filtering of a graph as specified by the given graph .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  return   certificate
truth:  perform   a

test:  returns a human-readable string containing a vowel into a vowel .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  view   adjust
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   randomly
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   tests
truth:  create   a

test:  set the app or lazy version .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default plot matches the input props[u'lineoffset'] .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return a frequency resource .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  to   hook

test:  split expression using same expression .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  splits   tuples
truth:  split   expression

test:  change password of an existing user .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  to   check
truth:  password   password

test:  override a specific timeout of the timeout pipeline .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  return   calls
truth:  override   override

test:  bump cache for shop that have not shop in case .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  used to cache the backend .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  is   null

test:  randomise the 1-d configuration file .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return value corresponding to a json object .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  return   return

test:  encode a given field and number to an bytes .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to extract the package name from a package .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  files   null
truth:  given   a

test:  removes duplicates .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the expand hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a string representation of an arbitrary acl list .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  set   a
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in quoted-printable .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of resources .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  returns the description of a list of lines of lines .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   string
truth:  return   a

test:  function to convert val to the because of the function is the because the echo response .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  calculate   number
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: rvm allows you to define rvm for certain builds .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the surface of the surface .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  finds   arguments
truth:  null   surface

test:  decorate the pony app .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   null
truth:  log   a

test:  run and return wrapping list of tests .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  runs   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  subscribe a list of tag to the given user .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  configure   format
truth:  given   null

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  check if an image is a type of file .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  group backend by backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  load   group
truth:  null   items

test:  create a locale for a locale .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  watching   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to check if addonconfig is installed .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  import   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the 4251 instructor for a given fqdn .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dict with the first invoice preference preference for the user .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  get   page
truth:  gets   null

test:  save configuration in the default config file .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  save   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  completes integer into a row .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  the pprint for classes and types .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  mock   pprint
truth:  base   pprint

test:  converts a scalar to a timedelta .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  returns   limit
truth:  string   string

test:  test a unicode string with polish .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  detect whether the periodical is present and can detect the string .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  project   null
truth:  if   null

test:  require an rpm package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   packages
truth:  require   null

test:  return a list of dev files found in the list of dev files .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  null   status
truth:  files   files

test:  get the evaluate_elements directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run a lazy lazy .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  test   test

test:  return a uri given a uri and a uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a generator of lists of connected components in g .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  returns   iterator
truth:  connected   generate

test:  returns all templates names .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  base   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  sample from a given predictions .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all quotas for a quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  converts all methods into a dict .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  prepares   return
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the loss function input and the progress function .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  find the number of migration 1 .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  null   desktop
truth:  null   migration

test:  this function creates a temporary logger for the duration of the wrapped logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add to email queue queue .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  add   add

test:  return the current interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a given list of javascript handlers from the given collection .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns indices of an array .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  arrays   a
truth:  return   x

test:  decorator to use as builder by charts .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  returns the turan graph for the duplication-divergence of a turan graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read lines from file and return its contents .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   get
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  migrate location credentials for itself to user uris .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   process
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  use   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  add a pool to a pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check all workers in the given worker .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  input   null
truth:  if   check

test:  check if a marketing link is in the marketing marketing link .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the description of a functions .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  build the pprint generated by the output of the pprint .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  null   pprint

test:  replaces of total quotes of several cpu levels .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with no labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  log out portfolio strategy .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  hook   event
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the cpu is running in the cpu is running .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  return   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  this is the commonality watcher .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clones   a

test:  format an error message in a log file .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  format   build
truth:  to   method

test:  usage: {% logins .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  reconstruct   boolean
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a / b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test disarmed slugify with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   test
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  sets the note records .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  to   file
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an optiongroup parser for the given parser and parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  this just the application .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  null   firewall
truth:  null   null

test:  set the path portion of the absolute device .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   check
truth:  set   gl

test:  writes the cached rating for an instance .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  update   wrapper
truth:  to   null

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  configs   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test position angle .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  using   issue
truth:  check   check

test:  check that when cookiecutter is from cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  validate   version
truth:  call   call

test:  guess the path of the current engine .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  to   path
truth:  if   null

test:  marks a function as a view mode that no effect .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string with count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space separated by a string .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  handles a message .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  indicates a test if condition is true .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns list of courseware poly_seq .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  list   api
truth:  given   a

test:  convert float to lux .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  resample   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return a list of parser cmdoutput: for the provided interface .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that a directory with this directory is provided .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  check if the named service is available cli example: .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a evaluated value .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve an understandable line from jinja error error .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update state .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  if   check

test:  determine position to forward by cone vector .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  convert   vm
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a single port into a comma-separated .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  split   split
truth:  takes   a

test:  save a process to a file .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  return difference between seconds and seconds for the callback .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  link link to text .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  cleans   version
truth:  leading   remove

test:  takes an image in the file or and returns an image .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  purging   test
truth:  purging   test

test:  return a tuple .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  generate a random asset key for the given user .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  null   build
truth:  generates   a

test:  read named ranges into a fragment .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   read
truth:  named   read

test:  get a list of this path to a directory .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the latest tag of a release tag .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  removes a logrotate script for the given application .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  use reverse to lookup command .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  input   name
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  find a sequence of fuzzy search for a sequence .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  search   search

test:  pad list with default size .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  resolve a class to a set of attributes .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only work on posix-like systems with setquota binary available .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer reviewer .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  require   null

test:  convert fontsize to hashes .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   issue
truth:  convert   font

test:  run breakpoint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  find   find

test:  make a function return a decorator that sets the given value .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of groups .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run the testsuite tests .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  test   a
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns three letter id for given image id and image id .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  view   image
truth:  returns   image

test:  read in the string from the file .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  to   read
truth:  read   a

test:  check whether the current node is valid .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  search   search

test:  delete a task .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  encode   execution
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the sha contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  file   a
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator to add a single test to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_method def <newmethod>: pass .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a set of fastly that are belonging to the cache .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  module   home
truth:  null   crud

test:  add a plugin with the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  to   plugins
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns a new object used to count the objects in an object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a generator providing two characters .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  count   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the python source file name for this project .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  make an average constant to average constant rates .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  select   transformation
truth:  create   create

test:  return polygon by degrees of polygon .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  calculate   probability
truth:  given   a

test:  find the given data .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  determine   find
truth:  determine   null

test:  ensure that a report matches a report .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  compute   view
truth:  extract   null

test:  return a list of reachable directives .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  set   null
truth:  given   a

test:  attempt to discover cherrypy entity processor .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  to   entity
truth:  accept   accept

test:  returns the query for the given api .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a json representation of one provider provider provider .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  return   url
truth:  get   a

test:  transform a numpy array to a loaded array .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  generator function that yields specified amount of random amount .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the given dns entries from the given dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  enable the entity cache .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  change   methods
truth:  enable   enable

test:  infer a numpy .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  if   null
truth:  layout   layout

test:  set the value of a cluster property extra_args additional options for the prop property extra_args additional options for creating the live extra_args additional options for the live cib cli example:
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  creates proper user for the email address .
truth: keep user . 
test:  detach   null
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a new flask method .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   factory
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the file formatted for a given file .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get aws account policy .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  function   get
truth:  account   account

test:  return a host string for an address in the database .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the aggregated data for this minion .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   return

test:  c_init -> string .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  determine   document
truth:  given   null

test:  find new library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  find   find
truth:  to   null

test:  when there is an old dependency .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  does   null

test:  convert a dotted path to a path specified .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  create   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate and save the new new expgenerator .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   new
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  try to get a params name from a string .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  convert   network
truth:  return   language

test:  setup the swiss lock .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  prints out commands .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  prints   stats
truth:  list   list

test:  return true if text is an abstract domain name .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to use queries the api calls to make sure the api bar .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  null   send
truth:  filtered   null

test:  convert the given files in the given file name to an octal file .
truth: using os . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  using   os

test:  generate support for a type library and other test_genericpath .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  shortcut   information
truth:  support   support

test:  generic validation .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  check   length
truth:  ensure   null

test:  imports an :class: .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sets the cookie request to be "mobile" .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  allow   items
truth:  sets   a

test:  gets the green statement .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter aln by terms and block .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  remove   minimum
truth:  filters   filters

test:  takes a json channel to parse the db channel and converts it in db into a json channel .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  convert   filter
truth:  null   method

test:  setup keyword arguments for the current file .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   keyword

test:  given a list of modules .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  list   use
truth:  list   list

test:  destroy the floating ips from a fixed ip .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  take a list of sorted keys and take the new deviations .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  array   array

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct reverse .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  djangos   djangos
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  return a node .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   find

test:  sets the target attribute to a list of strings .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  backend   apply
truth:  build   build

test:  build a list of tuples to clone .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns true if the staff has staff access for the given wiki wiki .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a system path to a path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the latest downloadable record for a repository and changeset_revision .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a demonstration of pythons element .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  hack   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get all migration for a given instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  return true if the number is prime .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  if   check
truth:  takes   number

test:  return true if all elements of sequence are true .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a fake test from a s6 filename .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a python iterator .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  similar to cross() .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a rrq packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  fit dask model .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   a
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  detect the vdi-ref statistic for a multivariate window .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  if   a
truth:  quantize   a

test:  convenience function to do list of available user .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  null   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   aggregate
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  render a link to a list of objects .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  count   link
truth:  link   link

test:  compare two strings .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the declarative port for a given cluster .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  searches   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the total number of seconds after a timedelta object .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  the api calls for endpoint of the job requests .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  checks if a string is a valid python function .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  return   null
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new api api service .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  list pending entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   entry
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   api
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  against against the extra log api .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  handle   send
truth:  handles   handles

test:  return message .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  ensure the specific file system exists .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  convert columns back to the larger table .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  upgrade   call
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds all items in an predicate from those element whose element is in iterable .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if probably autoscaling can be used for constructing badge .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  osr osr upload files .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  parse out the data as used in platforms for a particular course .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  parses   returns
truth:  convert   course

test:  subtract dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   polynomials
truth:  compute   compute

test:  confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  load   work
truth:  confine   null

test:  install the tornado .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  to   install
truth:  set   set

test:  a decorator to check if the object has a deprecation warning .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  adds   a

test:  open or create database .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   entity
truth:  open   open

test:  return the container information for a container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  returns   information

test:  rolls back a most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   back
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  execute a pem string and return the pem states as a pem .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  manage   null

test:  returns true if g has strongly regular regular regular edges .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decode values by nt sequence appears by nt values all bits specified by length .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install one or more packages .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   python

test:  constructs a dictionary mapping a not-found into a given instance .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  content   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a list of related subclasses for the given model type .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  gets   fetch
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a problem to a student .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   key
truth:  encode   optional

test:  return an instantiated dashboard dashboard .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  do   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  check that local abstractconv gives the local shape of local image with local ratio .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  long long topology topology to format .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  return   user
truth:  extract   null

test:  validates the id for the given number birthday .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  handle numpy element of type and numpy .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a rule into a rule .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the named host is absent name the host to remove .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  attempts to wrap given item in the database .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  returns timeline data for stock stock .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  check that the osf osf is present in the software config file .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   compatibility
truth:  to   check

test:  instructs chocolatey to pull out if it is not already installed .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  force   a
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate a search search and splits it to the given views .
truth: return query string . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  query   query

test:  parse a cookie like cookie .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   headers
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse an starting document and return a list of options .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  turn   options
truth:  parse   argv

test:  wait until an operation has been reached successfully .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  create   add
truth:  fires   a

test:  prints out course tabs from course .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  get   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  writes a single source file to a common point .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  copy   input
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   reduction
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when one of the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   edit
truth:  subtract   null

test:  remove a running system cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   null

test:  format the number of array based on the input array .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  null   maps
truth:  maps   maps

test:  warning: the given property by name .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  clear   a

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the profile .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  null   case

test:  sets a python pattern in the list table .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  reverse   target
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  pw an affine transformation to make images in a normalized image .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  put   =
truth:  null   null

test:  return the line number of the current line .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   queue
truth:  return   a

test:  internal workflow operation to create an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   null

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  context manager to temporarily load a file or file .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   a

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute dipole connectivity for a "yes" structure .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  enters   connectivity
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  returns all tests for all python tests .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  a function that returns true if a string can be used .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   view
truth:  default   default

test:  returns the vector of the given vector and v .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a list of strings to a string .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse a list of strings into a list .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  lash a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parses yaml password and returns the result as a dict .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   consul

test:  marks the existing user as well as if request has existing .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  destroys   null

test:  swaps matrix by direction .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  return   matrix

test:  parse the photo and return the info dict for the given key .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate and properties from recursively class .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  queues the system email .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   wrapper
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank using random sampling .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute area similarity between two configrss samples .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   similarity

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  url   try
truth:  given   a

test:  validates that value is non-empty and nan are valid .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  validate   validate

test:  pull to the given account .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  email   queues
truth:  runs   runs

test:  helper function to check if a list of predicate is valid .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  format   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  train using noisy units .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  using   data
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a logic string into a kivy bar .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  compute   a

test:  return an http response body based on an http response and the response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  construct   response
truth:  return   return

test:  generates standard normal variates with n_ones .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an newtons element for a given element .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  checks if a given object is a device .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   cuda

test:  sets the matrix of the samples as a plot .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  builds   multiple
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are up to a intelligent .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  is user allowed to soft-delete article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   user

test:  get pci device by addr .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  modify the agent by creating a agent .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  update   a
truth:  existing   null

test:  returns an object contained in the http_x_real_ip .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  return   create
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should not import and tests .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  get   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check that the arguments are running on the command line .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  change   runs
truth:  parses   parses

test:  preprocess the api .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  to   null
truth:  attempt   a

test:  return an object adds adds an object to the given model .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list gname group names across multiple possible to check having requirement requirement .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  return   one
truth:  find   find

test:  make sure that either if the instance is found .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return a string representing the users user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if a given host matches the given host and port .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  host   return
truth:  host   host

test:  sets up a member2 user .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  fixture   lock
truth:  create   create

test:  notify addresses from recipients to document .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  email   lists
truth:  calls   a

test:  using the concat_all .
truth: version of node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   version

test:  patches the weather .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  patch   patch
truth:  function   function

test:  generate one sample features for words .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  generate   sample
truth:  index   index

test:  frees ssl key to a :func:pyramid .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  testing   checks
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  displays the celery settings .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  use   view
truth:  view   view

test:  rescale image by applying the rows of a scale .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  maxheap   null
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  return   -
truth:  -   -

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  return   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the calendar info for a server .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  instantiates   information
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  convert text to a sequenceexample .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  convert   mapping
truth:  build   build

test:  pads the elements of a sequence with sorting_score .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  replaces   cylinder
truth:  null   sequence

test:  merge multiple errors in an error .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  errors   errors

test:  find all diagonal diagonal matrices .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator to bind a row and a table to a table .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all possible expressions in expr .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  return   use
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the first entirely of data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  to   data
truth:  compute   compute

test:  validates that the minimum score and check .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  strict comparison in two dictionaries .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the softmax output of cross-entropy of two distributions .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  null   crossentropy
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate that a partition and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generic t-confint to save typing .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  null   junit
truth:  null   generic

test:  called if no url matches .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  start   application
truth:  error   error

test:  elementwise sigmoid logistic function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   derivative
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  returns more now info as json .
truth: adds site . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  adds   site

test:  helper function for negative points of a vector .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  solve   helper
truth:  null   product

test:  convert a base class into a base and rems .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  get the availability of the torrent that was just a radom one .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  choose   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of information for the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts a list of items to a list of curve_type .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  install the windows reactor .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  install   install
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   netstat

test:  returns a dict of the most appropriate page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  get   step
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  context manager that ignores all of the profiling profile .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  copies fieldexpression to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copy   response
truth:  index   index

test:  return the expected_changes platform .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  returns   one
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a new dictionary different process .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  stack   runs
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set out the auth auth for the given auth conf .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  set   updates
truth:  set   set

test:  merge multiple results into one .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  take   merge
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check a module-level arguments as a block .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  check   check
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  given a package in a package or a list of module .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  to   null
truth:  discover   discover

test:  skip decorator that skips tests if we have a good hash .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  test   null
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return the comment header as a text string .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   get
truth:  string   string

test:  make sure the test fails with an quitting flag .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  process   null
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  a call to make a signal with a signal .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  io   content
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a string is a properly format .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  compute   implementation
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  add   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  adds an ssh public key to the datastore .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  create a vlm_media file .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  shows the students page as flags: or not .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  receives   display
truth:  show   show

test:  decode unicode text into lines of unicode strings .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  file   decode
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  computes a min_step dstart using a numpy step .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensures that a file exists .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve a path to the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes a string to bytes .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test max and relative values .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a format format type for the given format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   a

test:  choose_port() returns a port returns a number when an error is defined .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if given variable is less than other than other memory .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a string representation of the currency model class as currency .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  format   decimal

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the computenode user to remove user to remove user to remove user with the user to remove user .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  checks that the two means of the matrix means .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  computes   weights
truth:  validate   validate

test:  show the contents of the specified file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  file   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  view function that handles a users reset if he is logged .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  creates   input
truth:  view   view

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as callback .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  null   f
truth:  adds   null

test:  write a file to a filename .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  get   statistics
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  ensure that the certificate in the file system name the file to use .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  function   service
truth:  return   return

test:  dump message .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  msg   color
truth:  prints   prints

test:  compute the freedman bins of a probability bins of the freedman bins .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a manager instance for a given type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extract a data structure from a dict of key/value pairs .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns a dictionary of all little classes classes for a given user .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the depth of the first rectangles that fits entirely under the rectangles .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  find   a

test:  delete keyword and all keyword from a header string .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a version string for use in the sorts .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  apply   version
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  run accessibility tests .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  process   install
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  check the version string comparison in the other_config other_config .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  convert win32 registry keys to registry .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  a wrapper for conditional_websafe .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  output   one
truth:  modified   display

test:  checks that first is first .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   asserts
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extended euclidean algorithm in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  exclude home directory .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  exclude   -
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given vpc id or name .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all open threads for the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  verify & & old-style classes .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   null

test:  a decorator with an action which returns a function .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  see if a package is installed .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  null   package
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a catalog dict .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  call a function .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  null   calling
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  calculate the inverse covariance matrix for a cluster .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  string   hac
truth:  null   cluster

test:  return true if mode is from a character special device file .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the string with the given character .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  searches   compile
truth:  matches   matches

test:  helper function to update an existing user .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  load   a
truth:  query   query

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  warn or error .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  issue   dict
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return a list of users with a user .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  spartist - search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a no-op chain .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  check   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  create tracked files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  use the given dict to create and return a set of mapping_b that can be instantiated .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  make   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  reindex an alert course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  send   notify
truth:  sends   a

test:  build an archive into a dict of --disableexcludes --disableexcludes .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  build   file
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  returns the courseusergroup id for a group for the given group .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns server configuration name .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  get   get

test:  copies a document to a topic .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  to   document
truth:  document   document

test:  if a user is available .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if a file matches the given filename .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  return   return

test:  solc arguments for data_format .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  behave   arguments
truth:  build   build

test:  called by the _inherit method in templates modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of the start of the start of the start of the start of
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  returns true if the given writable is older than or equal to older .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  return the inverse of the elements in a .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  finder requires the project urls for a failed index .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of roles of a member .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the group to the default group of a given version .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  find   a
truth:  convert   one

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  write   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  update   example
truth:  null   example

test:  separate marubozu .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  pass   data
truth:  show   show

test:  enable concurrency checks .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   tuple
truth:  enable   enable

test:  format a thing signature .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  formats   format
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the path to the current script script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  fill markdown text .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  normalize css statistics to a file .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  transforms   input
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  checks the result of the function .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tag the release to the release .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  start   version
truth:  specified   tag

test:  encode path in unicode to unicode .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  null   path
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a new datastore views .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor univariate polynomials in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomials
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  retrieve an smb indexes for the given object .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  name   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the current request has already been associated with the given request .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a numpy array of sequentially objects to a numpy array .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  converts   python

test:  test that a column can be added to a table .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  add   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert string into a boolean .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorate a function using a normal record .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  returns an experimental object .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an expression with dimension and subs .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  dictionary   nodes
truth:  substitute   values

test:  an event with a new :class:greenlet .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  forces   view
truth:  noop   noop

test:  compile information in a colour python arguments .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  files   null
truth:  takes   args

test:  recursively list all memory memory .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  log   a
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  analyze   analyze
truth:  get   meta

test:  executes a single schema .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a new division-by-zero pattern .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get shaft vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  apply the global vagrant link .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  function   function

test:  unpause archive .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  draws   calling
truth:  resume   resume

test:  parse a spec string into a space-separated list .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  string   string

test:  returns the spacing matrix for a given device .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  null   connection
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  call a function or method with one argument passed to the codes .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  to   return
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   linodes

test:  a helper function that yields the arguments .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if the given html is html .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  convert a column name to a valid column name .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a paragraph text to a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary characters .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   whitespace
truth:  normalize   a

test:  run a command with the given arguments .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skips   a

test:  flip fiducials .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  order   order

test:  list all libraries with the libraries from the cloud location and access to their .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return trace or not the ascii non-zero .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  queries   queries

test:  sets a transaction for the current thread and code streak .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  set   configures
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group access for the given group .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  equalize an image into a binary hist .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  associate   image
truth:  return   image

test:  set a cache connection to a cache pointing .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  encodes string value using base64 .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  compresses   a

test:  assign a given attributes to the given key .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  is   controller
truth:  extract   null

test:  create the pid of the given pid file .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  creates   pid

test:  get a configured configuration .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  return   get
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check if a volume is a volume group by using the default volume group of a volume .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  initialize issue counts in the review .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  generate number of bits needed to render render the right side .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get hourly objects for a top floatx .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  get   null
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  returns a provide object that can provide a nested tree of a given tree .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   multiple
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  handle main configuration from a configuration file .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  verify that two token are equal .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  a skeleton directory and files to create the files .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  create   a
truth:  run   run

test:  check if a link is a link .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  remove a files .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  context manager to capture the object to stderr .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all defined migration .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  embeds the given html and return the result .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  starting   create
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup for all lilliefors .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  handle the login view .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  url   url
truth:  creates   a

test:  get all instance requests for the provided instance .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return true if the cg has cg that have a cg .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write the modules to the python directory .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   sql
truth:  write   null

test:  parses the timestamp and return the conditional identifier .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and train and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   set
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return interface_details information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of instructortask tasks for the given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the number of bits needed to create a series of types .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  calls rar/unrar .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  these are always put in the dictionary for the form: {username .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  works to work out the current thread .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  configure   a

test:  executes a celery service on the file system .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  create an a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get one figure .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   x
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new file descriptor for a given filename .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure that line comments are ignored .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  make   check
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  get a recommendation dict with the system training tree .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  pushes the database to pickle .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  null   -
truth:  null   in

test:  take an image and return the requirements object .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return inverse of all keys .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  return   a

test:  wait until all jquery jquery to show .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  create   null
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate by weeks .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   calculate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get centroid of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a dict or list into a dict .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats a pretty structure to make a pretty api call .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  take   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  re-evaluate the coordinate validation for our syntax .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  make   send
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on each log of the given signal .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   send_catch_log
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  send an email to view and send it .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  expected   email
truth:  send   a

test:  test that "account work .
truth: if a . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  if   a

test:  validates that value is a positive float or zero or zero .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  return   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  wait for missing microversion to be present in the code .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  deprecated   log
truth:  log   a

test:  sync a cohort to the users .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  receives   groups
truth:  emits   a

test:  handle intersection of trailer .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  return   point
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the data associated with the given resource .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  get   resources
truth:  value   value

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure current representation survives url contain skycoord .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   contents
truth:  test   test

test:  evaluate the handler for the given request and returns the handler .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  create an application with the given options .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  find if a table is unique .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  to   find
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a given literal string into a default prefix .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test getting a version of pip show command line .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  end   end

test:  provide a blob that resets the test config file and the test .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  test   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a new ssh tunnel to a given tunnel .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  server   point
truth:  function   function

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  to   check

test:  upload a file and upload classes to each folder .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   get
truth:  package   package

test:  encrypts an rsa varblock file using the len() class-based .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  null   key
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  prints code information .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   file
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a relative time string as a fixed time .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the number of cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if a function is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts yaml statement list of dispatchentry objects into a list of str .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  add intersections from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  performs datapoints of array after trimming distribution .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  computes   test
truth:  slices   slices

test:  wraps a python object to provide a normal attr and add it to the attribute of the function .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  null   run
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  a decorator to use the right method in a method .
truth: create a property . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  redirects to the user interface handler .
truth: takes request . 
test:  attribute   null
truth:  request   request

test:  a custom 404 page .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  renders   view
truth:  null   custom

test:  wrap a mutable replacement with an application .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  load a session file and return the contents .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  is   null
truth:  load   load

test:  get a paginator .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  get   handler
truth:  get   a

test:  create a link or source to another location .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  strips out string info from a cache file .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  returns   iterable
truth:  to   try

test:  return true if filename is a directory .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the date/time of a named profile .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  clear   delete
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - phasor components .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses the timestamp of a tuple .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  extract   converts
truth:  parses   parses

test:  defines a cloud exception for the given process using mapreduce .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  null   method

test:  create a short object upload upload .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   ja
truth:  output   output

test:  compute qcut integral .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test make sure the decorated test passes when the given message fails .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the best match between 2 nodes .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  exact quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  run   quotient
truth:  null   quotient

test:  determines if a string represents an int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  returns   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  return the approximation to the icrs matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  perform the twitter access request .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  perform   build
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns a date lookup for a field .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  execute a user as a name .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  to   validation
truth:  add   a

test:  creates the storage to reduce the given dimension .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  function   a
truth:  move   move

test:  a slightly quotes of all spaces .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  default   results
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns the url for a given context variable .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list the installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  list   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return the configuration options .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a repository .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  fixture   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  given a clsid class this function will produce a clsid that has a class that represents a class instance .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the parent directory of a pathname .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  return   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expandtabs -> string return a multiline version of the string .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a string and return a list of the form .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  null   in

test:  run a few timeout of the given timeout as expected .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  looks up a updater .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if path starts with a prefix and a prefix .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  plot the sensor of the matrix exponential by tenants .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plot   traces

test:  logs the user hooks as the given error .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  backup   null
truth:  open   open

test:  parses the given url and returns a origin string .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return the data for a certificate in a given certificate .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  replace   data
truth:  return   return

test:  get the type and add the current position of a column to the given prefix .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a queryset of fan object representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  create a custom menu class for the given instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  get   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  switch the specified expression to a type .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  to   check
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the binary file to the given ifname file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  this is the actual inputs of the given constructor .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  test   null
truth:  serializing   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 [id|name] .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  null   echo
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe month : ppiip : money : qm: rmi: pi: cg: food: clothing: roeu: dcg: .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create a new stonith stonith stonith_id name for the pcs pcs the property extra_args additional options for the pcs pcs keyword stonith use stonith instead of the live cib cli
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform basic auth status_code .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  request   cherrypy
truth:  is   null

test:  return a dict mapping a job id to job information .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this is a quick quick function to plot a show results for a specific show .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  is   a
truth:  show   images

test:  method to get the permalink ids from the content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a task object .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  train a autoencoder and train it for the dataset .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  tests   downloads
truth:  executes   null

test:  check reading trailing spaces are trailing spaces and tests .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  if   test
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all service that are enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the named container is in the default event name of the path to the default event bus .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  initiate   event
truth:  null   null

test:  get current timezone cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   current

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  converts   application
truth:  like   like

test:  close the session object for this request and __eq__ the one .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  returns a boolean to indicate the availability of a debug function .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether the user can access to the beta in this date .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  simple mail .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a list of the data for this type .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  execute   dictionary
truth:  print   print

test:  simple preload to make sure we dont raise an error if it is a preload .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  make   null
truth:  if   check

test:  ensure all roles are present in one of a given cls .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  shortcut   load
truth:  modify   methods

test:  filter otu table by otu samples in otu table .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  returns   client
truth:  filter   otu

test:  gprs updating context request section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  request   request
truth:  null   null

test:  load epoll() file .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  return   notification
truth:  load   a

test:  validate a project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a list of api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print a system packages .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  url should not load this should only pull in case of the last module .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   null

test:  creates a new request to redirect to .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  create   a
truth:  post   post

test:  hyperbolic the series inversion expansion of the series inversion examples .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  find   correlation
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  load a file into the system path .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  define   a

test:  return the storage repository without destroying the vdis within a given path .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  power a rabbitmq request .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  set   package
truth:  request   power

test:  a damped wrapper .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name for the given topic + name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the text representation of the next selinux tag on the tag .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  return   return

test:  some simple test unless we have to change .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  call   call

test:  get the application id for the given application .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extracts and returns a token that can be considered to a file .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  return   a
truth:  token   token

test:  context manager to delete a temporary value from an object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   manager
truth:  set   set

test:  check for logging with the specified log .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  set   up
truth:  check   check

test:  add a list of snapshotted as a list of orders .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  see   null

test:  tests that hugs inline type successfully in a dictionary represents a dictionary .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns true if and is a tar like project .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  string   check
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  or time .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  model   checking
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the nouns string .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  read   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all instrument devices in a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decodes a base base64 string to a per format .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   string
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  verifies whether the mailchimp list in the mailchimp list and returns true if all mailchimp have the mailchimp list on the mailchimp filters .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return the version of the specified kernel cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   os
truth:  get   get

test:  given a list of module objects .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  return   get
truth:  import   import

test:  records a user has subscriptions to an user .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  assigns   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the viewpoint from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   decorator
truth:  scrub   null

test:  returns a list of localizer .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  create and initialize the uninitialized event .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cached value for a given destination setting .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  convert a numeric rgb components to a decimal value .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  walks   a

test:  check to see if we can import an installed module .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  run a command with \n%s\n' .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  function   prints
truth:  call   a

test:  yaml: deprecate deprecate the facility facility facility .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  server   import
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of order .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  validates the given arguments against an arguments .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  default   null
truth:  if   null

test:  delete a flavor info from a prefix file .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   instance_type
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  initializes and use this code to find the current process .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  try to expand the given expression .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  output   expand
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  table with twoline header for humans and test having position line before the header line .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  input   test
truth:  read   read

test:  version of imp .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  load a template from a template .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks the name of the datastore .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  computes the value of gaussian mean .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  null   send
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  location updating reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  null   reject
truth:  updating   location

test:  use the custom objects to collect all attributes from a job .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   example
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create html page with colorized source code text .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a data mac address .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  assigns   data
truth:  null   mac

test:  add a change to the global object .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  missing   add
truth:  execute   null

test:  registers registers .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  register   whitener
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  returns the api user password .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  creates   a

test:  shut down the windows server .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shut   service
truth:  shut   null

test:  url-encode strings in a string .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  replace   html
truth:  text   text

test:  set a single format format with a format column at subfmt .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  creates a new channels that is used as a compressed channel .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  null   null
truth:  do   null

test:  a context manager to mock transformers .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  check if node has subscriptions[notification on the node .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns a global notification type for the specified user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a directory for the given directory .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format a block in a block of renewal renewal markers to a json block .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  format   keys
truth:  format   format

test:  return the cache class for the given cache dict .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  create   create

test:  load the copper data and return a dataset class .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   data
truth:  load   load

test:  reads the pycassa version from ini .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representation of the content of the arrays .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  retrieve   metadata
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only work on gentoo systems with setquota binary available .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  confirm   run
truth:  work   work

test:  amazon amazon hierarchy in a country .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of default context for a particular user .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  context   default
truth:  default   default

test:  explicitly be called in a package .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  init   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the proper group info and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a valid short string for display in the duration of the raw .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  return   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  unregister an email hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   access
truth:  unregister   null

test:  returns an encoder class for a given field .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all the available sizes on the instance .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of progress progress by name .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  return   name
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   dummy
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  function to decorate tests .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  mark   method

test:  checks whether keyring keyring is present in convolution .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  remove   create
truth:  is   keyring

test:  note: must have the tree types .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  slices   slices

test:  compute the post logic to run in a previous manner .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  toggle the default widget to show to view information .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  toggle   locale
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  fires an event .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  null   func
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  print out help text formatting .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name to check words : words of words separated by a layer of words to check .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  test   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  return the list of all available entries .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  array   null
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open an encoded file using the given name and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   file
truth:  open   open

test:  waits for the service to return the specified service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  start   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  block a socket .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  return a tuple to fetches versions and python revision .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  get   version
truth:  get   version

test:  copy data from one to another .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  string   copy
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : expr ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  null   null

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  removes accents from a string .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  to   accents
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  add an element of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin take elements from iterables .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  take   null
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  clean a filename into .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  format the status for a github github jenkins .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  formats   check
truth:  format   a

test:  helper function to generate vo service .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  run   url
truth:  is   null

test:  evaluate a munroe .
truth: add i . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   i

test:  encode a port range range(port_max & ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  straight selector .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  determines   convenience
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  allows a response to display a view .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  view   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of module objects for the specified language .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  return   import
truth:  module   module

test:  string/codeblock string/codeblock attributes from a root node .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  creates   group
truth:  url   url

test:  convert numeric address to packed bytes .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that a delimiter can be added to the whole delimiter .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  string   fallback
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test googleappengine .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   deserialize
truth:  test   test

test:  returns whether shape is a power of shape .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  check   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a string .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  decode   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  run command in the file .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  project   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  return a consistent chart using a #! chart .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  create   a

test:  reconid id of an id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  null   real
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  check the right and binary samples for multinomial .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  test   average
truth:  tests   tests

test:  ensure the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove name the name of the command to remove .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  check whether a short number is a carrier number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if path can be a tarfile type .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  this function is an open small format according to a mini-batch .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  function   index
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario matches with tags should tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  destroys a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   a
truth:  destroys   a

test:  pick data type channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   pick

test:  deprecated name .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  turn   return
truth:  do   null

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  multi-core the new disk to the new virtual machine .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  builds   multiple
truth:  function   function

test:  copy data to a temporary directory .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  internal helper function to setup the certificate .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get output summary information for an openvswitch .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  print   info
truth:  null   column

test:  return the version of the portaudio .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the elements of the tests .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  collect   check
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  generates a list of functions of each item in a list of functions .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  context manager to ensure that the preferred plugins has been added to the postgres plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  is   manager
truth:  null   contexts

test:  return a list of all source attributes .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  module   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a generator of non-zero n from a list of order n .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generate   filenames
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a textual status .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  return   a
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   change
truth:  return   statistics

test:  runs the application application .
truth: execute app . 
test:  null   application
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull out the data in the 5x5 file .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  start   salt
truth:  pull   salt

test:  checks that the given name matches the given criteria .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  remove photos from the browser node .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   activity
truth:  remove   a

test:  fetch an lyricswiki response for a given title .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  return   a
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  netmiko up the devices in the database and then bucket .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  use   example
truth:  use   threads

test:  returns a set of recipients addresses for a given review request .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  fail unless the actual directory contains all paths in the package and test case .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   projects
truth:  fail   null

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  verifies   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  generate unicode files .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  changes   os
truth:  -   -

test:  keeps the item from iterable .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  list   a
truth:  count   count

test:  prepare a set of zeros and transductive .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt1 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display whether time is on or off :return: the system time :rtype: string representing the system time :rtype: string cli example: .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  display   display
truth:  get   get

test:  load a dataset into a intersections .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  loads   copies
truth:  parse   a

test:  updates an existing viewpoint .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  records   contacts
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  a variant of fullscreen of a and energy of the extra effects .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  null   method
truth:  computes   null

test:  create a new repo repository .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  create   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  fetch a url to a given filesystem or container url .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  get   get

test:  transform matrices with .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  fixes   standard
truth:  output   output

test:  can we can do deleted .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  calculates   null

test:  docstring for osx .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  to   languages
truth:  to   setup

test:  return a nicer name to use for the specified package .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  trailing   params
truth:  return   a

test:  this function takes an arbitrary model .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  null   change
truth:  handle   a

test:  display device version using reldict: in network .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  prints   show
truth:  show   show

test:  loads a plugin file and returns a zip dictionary .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  file   null
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach a block device to an already open volume name .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  attach   block
truth:  block   block

test:  symbolically new usercontributionsmodel with new calculated contributions for the datastore .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  save   null
truth:  commits   a

test:  return a dict describing the default callback .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  creates   signals
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  create   snapshot
truth:  perform   null

test:  a custom fragment .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  return   course
truth:  sort   sort

test:  check whether minimum weight graph is nodes by a fast graph .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  return   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  sort signatures for each item in the list provided by http them .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  sort   counters
truth:  sorted   get

test:  clear the beacon configuration .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  create an autofix name .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   a

test:  work out the compiler .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  prints the user for a boolean .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  if   method
truth:  prompt   users

test:  get the type of the type of a package .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total total points as a dict of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  get current track .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   redirect
truth:  get   current

test:  return the name of the state note: the named listener is like .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  null   number
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  recursively generate nodes inferred by each statement in an statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to check the order of the sections for the given series .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs to cli example: .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for multivariate multivariate polynomials in a common attribute .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  give   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a recursive sub-list swapping method .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  apply a containing a branching and chain of a branching rule .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  execute   generator
truth:  compose   a

test:  create an index for testing .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  a helper function to join a single host and port .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turns   null

test:  create a new audio stream in the given audio .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  context   virtual
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the language-code thats for the language code .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   runs
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  saves the configuration file to json .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   configuration

test:  calculate the attenuation of the objective objective for a given precision .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  tooltips a test suite for the gdal tests .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  tests   expand
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata as a string that generate the raw arguments of the function .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the preferred time zone for the channel .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  check   file
truth:  send   send

test:  fixture providing the config node and loaded using the config .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  stubs   fixture
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return an --loglines=0 revision for the repository and changeset / password combination .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  set the fw rules .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   set

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion assuming that the observations come from the bayesian information .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get classes from dask examples .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  null   merge
truth:  null   classes

test:  this function is called to compile the source code .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  compile   scan
truth:  does   null

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  parse   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  installs up a bunch of entity .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  to   entity
truth:  convert   entities

test:  return a reference to the sinewave polynomial of a ssl reference .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  returns   connection
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load a resource from a resource .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  return   null
truth:  file   file

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a decorator .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a backup by id .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from a queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   generator
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  a lighter-weight method so we can still use to scheduled .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  initializes   show
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generates a reference to a dataset .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a flat .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  pauses approximation to text .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  string   service
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read the given page from the given file path and return as list .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   page
truth:  read   read

test:  login to the client with the given session and logout .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  context   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  static sample usage:: .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  mean   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  sets the default version of the cache .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  set   set

test:  getrandomnumber:long return an n-bit prime number .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this visual the function if required .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  null   content
truth:  to   factory

test:  deletes a vlanid entry .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a file:// path to the given cache file .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  return   n
truth:  am   am

test:  print an error messages to stderr and exit .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  print   print
truth:  prints   a

test:  parses exponent .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  end   end

test:  convert a sequence of sequences to a string .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  rough attribute of nose .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  to   service
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  create a file-back service dict from a given name .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  create   service
truth:  test   helper

test:  convert string into a format .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get or set the radial ticklines on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  given 2 and priority .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  transfer a directory and all its contents of the master file .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  send   a

test:  reports with an possibly content .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  build   a
truth:  to   changes

test:  decorator that will force all tables in the database .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  null   content
truth:  force   force

test:  wrapper to print to a tty .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  null   a
truth:  string   string

test:  set the global entry in the global registry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check to see if pandas is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  make   check
truth:  function   function

test:  check_call -> 0 run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  command   a
truth:  command   command

test:  returns ecdf values of an array .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  array   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an rpm package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add default arguments to an existing command line argument .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  add   summary
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check the number of env in the given region .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  get   compare
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return the webapp command path to timeout .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  build   point
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato sensor .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the translation but not a message .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns file items in a stored file .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   items

test:  insert the connections .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   import
truth:  to   attempt

test:  only load if the pip module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  view a list of page missing missing .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a new ripemd160 object .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  return   a

test:  group sums by default .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   group
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the map .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  check for postscript .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  file   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a query to filter tasks based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   softplus
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  produce a peaks corner y#n depending on bigendian .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  find   corners

test:  given an object .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  get   task
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an umc module object prepared for editing an object .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  add   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the database or created event .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  downloads an results format .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  turns   format
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator that logs a function or method in an home dir .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing uplink section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  join   functions
truth:  routing   area

test:  load a file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  loads   url
truth:  loads   a

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  convert a files in a setting to a filename .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  null   method

test:  reads the docker-compose file .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different different different different connection .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  returns a copy of b .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  return   a

test:  wrap a function with closed closed closed closed in the database .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disconnect signal from receiver to the signal .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   signal
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  testing   sys

test:  groups the dictionary mapping dummies to each type of numbers along the given axis .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  create   create
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator which exempts a function as deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  converts   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  list hypervisor .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  do   service
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  returns tuple with version information summary .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  convert   version
truth:  create   a

test:  revision check check .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  update   scores
truth:  get   current

test:  return indices for mapping indices to their lists .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   table

test:  command : next id lparen id rparen equals expr .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if path is absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get loops from a carve of an unproven mesh .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  construct the exact arguments from the current python 3 .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a volume type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ban user submissions .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  called   lock
truth:  null   page

test:  return a list of all mapping data for the given usernames .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  check the given contents of expected contents .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test an empty metadata file .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a message from a file and return its filename .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  shows a list of users .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  index   page
truth:  focused   user

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  formats the billedopprotos for display to a string .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  formats   a

test:  create network and gets into plt resolution .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  create   plugins
truth:  run   run

test:  helper to normal plotting variable .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  create a url string from a endpoint .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  build   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a decimal value for x .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker port .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   page
truth:  create   create

test:  dump message immediately .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  usage   log
truth:  log   log

test:  returns a right-stochastic of the nodes of g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate the template navigation pages for the given pages .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  null   load
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a record .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  make   helper
truth:  access   access

test:  validate eb authentication .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  to   null
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  return true if the variable is undefined .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  return   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  convert time string like packed bytes .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  function   time
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that protects endpoints of a function and make a sessions .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  include tasks for init files in a given path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  convert   path
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the number of positive sampled associated with the given singular value .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  see   null

test:  checks that translation language is created with the given project .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  require   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed an album into the specified album .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   users
truth:  embed   album

test:  convert a dictionary to a hpi .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  guess   null
truth:  convert   argument

test:  list nat rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  check if a linux command is bind based on the linux distribution .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  copy   event
truth:  return   return

test:  elementwise logistic logistic function :math:f(x)=(1 + exp)^{-1} .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  function   elementwise
truth:  null   propagation

test:  converts a django field to a new-style model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  update the last section of the active section for each state .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  return   a
truth:  did   null

test:  convert a pandas name to the name of the corresponding date settings .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  read   a

test:  return a directory to create and cache files .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  null   create
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts http credentials from the http request and returns it as a username string .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  test receiving grammar .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  null   attrs

test:  returns true if there is at least one of the running tk tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the variable is iterable .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  initialize a kernel build file if available .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  get   store
truth:  set   up

test:  convert a string into cyclic len size format .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  null   one
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  allow user to select a node .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  retrieve   file
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  copy source file from source to destination .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  obtain   a

test:  returns the requested xml for splitting xml definition .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  add   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  assign a single jupyter of a file .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  disables   intervals
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  convert permanences .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  convert   process
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  construct a kernel .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   start
truth:  add   a

test:  send a packet at layer 2 and run the answer .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   system
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree in which match the trees in trees .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  produce   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to find a timeout of the given text in the supported by the dictionary .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  find   find
truth:  handle   handle

test:  struct_declarator : direct_declarator colon semi .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator declaring an object using methods .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure the given configuration name the given hard name the name of the given configuration variables .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a list of index names that should be used for a given key .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  lower(s) -> string return a left-justified version of the string s .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  wrap   one
truth:  get   one

test:  wrapper on image_resize_image .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets up the config file for the test .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  create   fixture
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the path of the data file .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  create   include
truth:  return   return

test:  decompress gzipped bytes on a stream and return a iterable containing first stream .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  yield   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  create a small string-ize with a audio server .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  given   null
truth:  record   record

test:  the view that tests the application will send the application to the :term:view directory .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  test   display
truth:  test   test

test:  get all instances for all deleted and other modules .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  cudandarraytype calls microsoft .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  test   waits
truth:  null   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  imports   something
truth:  import   a

test:  check processing device in device .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  create   master
truth:  callback   callback

test:  restores the configuration tags from the returner tags .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  end   null
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  like sys .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  convert   path
truth:  decode   a

test:  get current deb .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  get   manager
truth:  if   null

test:  a crude that just returns the prefix for a file .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  object   object

test:  runs ctc loss algorithm on each element of the source .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  null   ctc
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  return a list of keyring available to cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  remove   secret
truth:  list   list

test:  change the users home phone cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  wraps a simple function .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all files on the master .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current config-vars .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  match   path
truth:  return   current

test:  return the disk size for the given vm .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  interprets an object as a predicate .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  like   null
truth:  null   in

test:  convert the yyyymmddhhmmss .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  show information about the defined relationship cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all job folders for folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  endpoint   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a response headers to make a response .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   response

test:  cast x to the same type as the default value or a dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  casts   a
truth:  cast   cast

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit replace 32 replace .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  delete an http container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for a condition to become a condition .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  execute riak package list in the system .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  helper to provide a warning warning for use in a warning to call this function .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  to   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  decorator that calls the decorated function .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  call   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password with the given key .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  function   data
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a detailed view of the host ipv4 address .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve and return the document .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list all updates that have been multipath .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   null

test:  writes a data file with the given name and kwargs to a pathlib file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  this decorator is used in a convenience function .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  null   method
truth:  create   a

test:  process the faces .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  groups tokens that have the same meaning as the default author .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   groups

test:  creates a new model with the given parameters and test .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: shining this plugin allows you to provide the build for any shining .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   1e6
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expr : expr plus expr | expr .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  expr   expr

test:  decorator for methods that are allowed by the value of the value .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  value   convert
truth:  round   round

test:  remove an expression from a sympy expression .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts arrays into valid np .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  null   version
truth:  generate   a

test:  like the given code .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  runs   implementation
truth:  code   code

test:  convert group id to group id .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  convert   in
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a specific configuration object by name .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  get   get

test:  append an entity dispatch by updating it with the given operation type .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  applying   a
truth:  call   call

test:  compute spectral .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   triangulation
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  generate circle screensize .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  header   circle
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of the graph g .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  parses the url and returns the result .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse an openid response to a consumer response .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return data to a specific returner .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  to   availability
truth:  return   data

test:  find the longest tree to extract the tree positions .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the tuples of the users contact .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fills   in

test:  get a list of notifications for this config .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   notifications

test:  check that potential potential function name is used for ovs-vsctl .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  logs   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert two numpy array to the correct numpy array .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  change   convert
truth:  promote   im1

test:  left is a sql clause like a sql statement .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  is   null

test:  stop all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  edit   stop
truth:  activate   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of items into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  parse   example
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   returns
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker plugin to be systemd .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  checks to see if the url is an ssh url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test basic font type .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   load
truth:  loading   loading

test:  returns a regular expression object that matches a given template .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  filter   register
truth:  compile   compile

test:  transform a ipynb object into a given uri .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  build   attempts
truth:  transform   a

test:  check the unicode bug bug is unicode .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  return detrend detrend linear fit line; linear detrending .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   y
truth:  return   x

test:  get the current system info for a specific user .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  the character should denote the start and the basic exclude_names .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  null   transformation
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  updates art for an album .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  return   art

test:  test that subsequent root directories are not :class:tvdbclient .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  tests   tests

test:  determine whether synsets are between two lengths .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  determine   distance
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns a model class suitable for a given model class .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  return   a
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  convert a "surrogateescape" property into a string representation .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a function to provide a variable using a custom execution .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  wrap   callable
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: color .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  check if user can delete an acl .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  test to see if a can successfully be enabled .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   try

test:  return the number of workers that are up to downloaded .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple of users with the current locale .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  return   check
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  looks for a custom analyze with the given year .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   title
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new example to and from a node .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  the fast number of second kind .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  remove the xml element .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  xml   remove
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return a string representing the current uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  use a simple up? to provide a soap form of a given attributes .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  send   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the list of all nics for the specified vm .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  setup   hosts
truth:  create   network

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  update   set
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  clear one or more networks .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  inspect   volume
truth:  existing   list

test:  get all the flattened by nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate a b-spline or its derivatives .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  find   find

test:  write pil metadata to file .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  write   metadata
truth:  enrich   null

test:  remove the first character of the index from the index .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  build a dict of plugins for use in an album field .
truth: as above . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  associate media instance with this media list instance .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  play   media
truth:  get   media

test:  return a list of names and their status names .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   a

test:  get a list of all pids on windows :return: a list of all pids on the current cpu cpu .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a consistency binary and binary .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   services

test:  tests whether sparsedataset can be loaded and initializes it .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalize dataframe .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  dictionary   column
truth:  replace   series

test:  return a list of prefixes for the unit units .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  bytes   show
truth:  return   a

test:  page through 405 exit and exception .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  file   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  called when the server starts before processing .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  normalize   up
truth:  setting   setting

test:  return a .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test label flip flip to sign .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  label   label

test:  return the similar entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  insert a dataset from the minion .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the about the about the given vim .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  returns   cycle
truth:  get   get

test:  append an line to an item .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  remove   normalize
truth:  handles   handles

test:  return objects for an object .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  quick function .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  build   null
truth:  denied   user

test:  device_array allocate an empty device ndarray .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  call   cuda

test:  convert an integer to a block and return an empty block .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  returns a template object that can be used to access the given template .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  s   convert
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return the minimum of the values of an n-d line .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  module   find
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  toggle an event in the default image .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   enterprise_customer_branding_override_details
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  same arguments as parse_timestamp in keyword arguments .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  like   like

test:  get the line failure .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete index :type capability .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  parses a number and returns a number of bytes in a number .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  parse   decodes
truth:  expects   null

test:  create a new action unpickle unpickle dates .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  turn   factory
truth:  return   a

test:  a dummy function that just returns the exit code .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of objects of the objects of the specified service .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  determines all entities in a given field of a field .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  returns   country
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given user has controller for teams .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  returns   frappe
truth:  returns   controller

test:  returns a string that represents a normalized sample .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  poweroff a running system .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  null   debug
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the divergence of the vector of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return steps steps in the given class .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  null   load
truth:  decorates   a

test:  main function .
truth: open stream . 
test:  configure   attributes
truth:  stream   stream

test:  format a list of lower proxies .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  filters an iterable of errors from the set of errors .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   generator
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple appending options .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   multiple
truth:  command   command

test:  normalize the given points .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  normalize   buckets
truth:  normalize   a

test:  compute proposals of the proposals space usage after each process uses the imdb .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  run   api
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  test that a positive base function is compatible with a base url .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  github   encode
truth:  url   url

test:  make the string s it would be returned by assigning to the appropriate number of characters .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  string   string

test:  displays a command .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  run   a

test:  permanently attach to a node .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  elementwise   a
truth:  add   add

test:  return true if path was access to the file .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  read docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   in

test:  set a function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  given an attribute name or dict .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  return   null
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  create a new project .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   package
truth:  create   create

test:  maps the user to the vary headers for a vary guard .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   fix
truth:  function   function

test:  get the time of the get call .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  test   a
truth:  check   check

test:  delete a config file .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  file   config
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the flag on which node belongs to be removed .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  sort   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an iterator over nodes in the given iterable .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  to   correct
truth:  return   return

test:  detach subnets from an elb .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   elb
truth:  detach   elb

test:  returns the protocol and prevents prevents with the given data .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  compress   data
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts all parameters in the keys of a dictionary to lowercase .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a color to a hex color .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  decorate a function that just returns restricted access to the request .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  log   null
truth:  access   access

test:  convert the value into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  md5 md5 hash .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   subroutine
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute silhouette based on silhouette and labels .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  finds   testing
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a list into a libvirtconfigguestinterface integer .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   binary

test:  run quiet .
truth: run a command . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   a

test:  setup the insteon hub sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  send global vehicle in specified duration and send it to the vehicle specified in the duration and send the duration in the vehicle .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   vehicle
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test pip install a short function for running show .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  init random norm .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  null   init
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  retrieve the set of all indices from the given table .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  extract   user
truth:  inputs   a

test:  asserts that all values in *choices* are the same .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  creates   compare
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  yield all tuples of symbols and deprecated symbols .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  polynomial division with solutions .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the product of the given roc_auc_score .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  generates   use
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list availability zones for all vms .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  construct an iterable of qr objects from a little file .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of dns services for this subnet .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the default credentials to saves aws to the default values .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   user
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  configures a remote put to one remote url .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  configure   configures
truth:  does   null

test:  sign a username .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  sign   handle
truth:  set   set

test:  list all repos .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  lists   iterator
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read a source spaces from a fif file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  strip leading and trailing empty lines from a string .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  text   strip
truth:  text   text

test:  replace long arguments by their 4-char arguments .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  returns   knots
truth:  replace   long

test:  return the most recently created by the most recent user .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  send an email to the new exploration .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  sends   emails
truth:  send   send

test:  return a list of methods of all methods of their names .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  cast all returned words to unicode strings .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  encode   string
truth:  return   return

test:  return the console options for this process .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  create   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string containing two dots .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  do   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  check if a device is present in the system .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new xor cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse a system output expression into a dict of ldd output .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  attach a fake wsgi server to a given host and port .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  create   string
truth:  define   null

test:  given a path to a list of paths .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  if   a
truth:  given   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist | newline indent stmts dedent .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  null   varlist

test:  check if access to the viewfinder label for the given user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  if   parse
truth:  calls   calls

test:  verifies method types using a method type .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  verifies   wrap
truth:  creates   a

test:  given the inputs as input .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  print a set of formats formats for the given formats .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  get the named function from pkg .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from proxmox concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  return those items in sequence for which predicate is true .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available endpoints cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test subpixel accuracy of g with gaussian 100 .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   intervals
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  return entities in the given text .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  this sets up a management page .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  load   command
truth:  execute   django

test:  return the path to the heads file .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  iterates over markdown .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  function   a
truth:  text   text

test:  use this decorator to override the unpatch for a function which .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  form   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup a simple container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  given a file .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  sets   delete
truth:  call   call

test:  decorator that propagates attributes as test if required .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  make   multiple
truth:  use   use

test:  step calling the logrecords table .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  create   create
truth:  step   definition

test:  return a list of sqlite distribution names .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  find   find

test:  entry point for conversion process .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  null   run
truth:  start   celery

test:  checks if a user exists in an environment .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  return   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  scan the import signatures for the given port .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scans   null

test:  the mandatory .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  test   calls
truth:  test   initialization

test:  convert a string to a list of the string specs .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  replaces   set
truth:  return   return

test:  run a command .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   python

test:  turn an expression into a flattened array .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  list   dictionary
truth:  null   a

test:  convert time string in the given date formats to a date .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  take   function
truth:  convert   date

test:  return the default textiowrapper extension .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   return

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary by end .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   triangle
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a cost of nodes in g from a flow graph .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return iterator over all edges in g .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall an npm package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  this decorator is called once when the call to run a method with the given base .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a display pattern pattern that is configured by a dpid .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  build the access path of the given key .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of lists of n items in the given list .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  null   works
truth:  function   function

test:  return the name of a package .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a heading .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  null   inserts
truth:  create   a

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   null
truth:  display   a

test:  return the total brightness of images .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   one
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the graph that results from contracting the edges of g .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a datetime protobuf to a timestamp protobuf .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if its string is a valid name .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  if   check
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the specified location using http 304 status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  define   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  register registers a sparse registers registers a python type with the given types .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  secret random bytes .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  it computes the median error between predicted and actual .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   median

test:  x is n*m sparse matrix .
truth: computes np . 
test:  trivial   initialization
truth:  computes   np

test:  test http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a regular expression that encodes the given port .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   details
truth:  count   count

test:  return the path to the purchase that is currently active .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that value is a valid category .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns string of length ipsum characters in mathbb{z}_{p web .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  registers this page to be overwritten in the setup .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   register

test:  get the attribute statistics for the given layer .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  returns   product
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  this will return the server in the console template .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  url - displays displays correctly .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  test   print
truth:  function   function

test:  create and write a file to file .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   a

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   check
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure a value is set in the cluster node in a given value should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test either if an integer is a custom ask .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ask   test

test:  init init .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  null   init
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an tag .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  works   work
truth:  work   work

test:  register a new post hooks for a given account hooks .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  register   register

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  populates a context variable number for a given object .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  gets   input
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  extract data from a timeseries file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   timeseries
truth:  extract   null

test:  get permissions for given document .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  returns   permissions
truth:  returns   a

test:  list the module that were running .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  set   null
truth:  to   function

test:  returns true/false whether the system has updateable .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  tests a password hash of a password against a given password and hashed .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check parallel predict .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  test   username
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the status of a task .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  show   details
truth:  returns   task

test:  build a rule to be used in the table .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  retrieves   metadata
truth:  create   create

test:  decorate a function to run a transaction .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  null   view
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common test cases for streams in streams .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  sets   up
truth:  set   up

test:  returns true if the value is topmost .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns <n|alpha> for the first kind of the second kind .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test function to test the functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   chunks
truth:  create   app

test:  reset the cached url for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  set   set

test:  conditionally conditionally send an email .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  make   mail
truth:  null   queue

test:  get all the notification subscriptions for the past user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a json snippet .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  convert   name
truth:  process   json

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   run

test:  copy a file .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  sets   remove
truth:  set   set

test:  tries to get the numa report .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  form   null
truth:  return   return

test:  prepares an output .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  function   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return the information in the tuple containing all the keys in the same order .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   keys

test:  remove the user from all users cli example: .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   list
truth:  delete   user

test:  iterates over the date in source file .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  takes a __doc__ tree like project and converts it to a project .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  null   a

test:  compute the minimum of the minimum value of x .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to start a libvlc instance for the user interface .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   try

test:  test vi control-v style cli .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   character
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the natural logarithm of the lognormal basis .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  null   iteration
truth:  null   rule

test:  generates a enumeration generated by id or id .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the root mean squared error .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove flavor access list from flavor query .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  given   remove

test:  saves current response headers .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a hash for database .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  topo the figure and make sure all lines of the figure .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  plots   update
truth:  remove   lines

test:  quick helper for referenceable .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  patch   patch
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  resize a directory .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  null   run
truth:  using   resize

test:  write the log files to the untrusted files .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  like   callback
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns a list of mpkg ids of the dataset that the file is valid .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  get pyo data and raise exception if it exists .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  file   file

test:  flattens an explorationrights into a number of tasks .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  stack   locale
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  shows all users activity products for the user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   shows
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert iso8601 iso8601 date to native datetime .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a friendly dict for the given name .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses a request header like: range and return a tuple containing a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  print the metric value .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sort list .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a callable to internal 10 .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  search for event matches .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  accepts a datetime .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  return   null
truth:  utc   utc

test:  compute a generalized generalized eigenvalue for a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  rgb to hex color space conversion .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a sparse matrix of the given shape and shape with matching shape .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a new theano model .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  array   a
truth:  learn   a

test:  set the hwclock clock .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  set   return
truth:  sets   sets

test:  local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   image

test:  sends an apns notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  the entry point for the script .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  fixture   urls
truth:  to   runner

test:  iterate over all child nodes in an ast node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  parses a key and a combined key .
truth: given a key . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if the given datetime is a older datetime .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  return   return

test:  takes a list of links and returns the dependencies that contain any dependencies that are present in the model and is missing .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json severities as json representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   events

test:  return information about the buffer scheme .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that a type of a modified value is of a specific description .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  check   null
truth:  value   value

test:  extract the specified fields from a tuple that has been flattened .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   field

test:  elementwise crop filter and return a sequenceexample instance .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an aware ordering of ordering of ordering .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  check a qdatastream status code .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  test   check
truth:  make   null

test:  check the content of an arbitrary object .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  verifies   check
truth:  if   null

test:  parses an http token token into a json file and segments it may be suitable for security .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a new collection id .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns precision string containing a decimal key based on its decimal .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   precision

test:  returns the cost cost of the cost dimension .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the matrix multiplication .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   value
truth:  compute   camera

test:  only load the root .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  track   null
truth:  run   run

test:  build a dictionary .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  requests   return
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compare two terms .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the quadratic quadratic function for x .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generates public and private keys of nbits keys .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   equivalent
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  extract a list of configuration matches the given arguments .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  function   parse
truth:  null   decorator

test:  context manager for using code when a class is run .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  null   update
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  add a space separated string to the final web services .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  listen to config .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  source   null
truth:  set   http

test:  remove a lock from a specified document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  lock   a

test:  helper to split optional netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  disables the validations and the unpickled .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  create   a
truth:  expands   null

test:  create an environment which looks like a direct attribute .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  make   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  import a repo to a temporary directory .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  export   a
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for empty fields in primer header .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  left   version
truth:  insert   item

test:  train a single solver solver .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  using   prints
truth:  train   a

test:  return union of items in baselist .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  combine   null

test:  creates python python app and returns it .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  creates   point
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update package in a package .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  update   update
truth:  remote   remote

test:  resolve a schema value or a schema .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  string   function
truth:  value   value

test:  replace spaces and braces with escaped character .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  truncate a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  check if a variable in a sequence .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  extract information about the memory .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   get

test:  find the closest ansi approximation to the closest .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  find   find

test:  converts ascii text to rgb integers .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a namespace or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  create a png box for the given figure and height .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  create   create
truth:  given   null

test:  read all .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  return   view
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   certificates
truth:  return   return

test:  execute a command .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  call   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  generate a new array of ones with ones .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from a tuple from a tweaked tuple .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator to update the decorated function as a page .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  null   endpoint
truth:  create   a

test:  decorator to run a function with a curry method and then orders .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  project   sync
truth:  null   null

test:  make migrations for the suggestions: .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  make   runs
truth:  create   database

test:  return the labeller labeller given number of n .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  projects   returns
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update git .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sends a message to a topic .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  wraps   null

test:  run the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  add   command
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  take a list of version names and a string .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the command line that will be executed .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  run   a
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   new

test:  checks whether a string is a valid error .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get and add an indexed indexed loops from a convex loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  landing page .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  function   a
truth:  render   render

test:  returns a list of annotated addresses for the given pr .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  create a new cmac object .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  takes a list of data and returns a list of data .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  url   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  clean up the stubs .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  do   null

test:  returns a class from an object .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  function   import
truth:  to   null

test:  test for proportions for proportions of proportions samples .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   inverse
truth:  test   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  converts   unicode
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  reads the value of the git command .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   git
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   field
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves a general order coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   return
truth:  solves   a

test:  class decorator to subscribe a class to self .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  function   create
truth:  to   function

test:  find the largest of a vector with randomly layers .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts d-bus 36 to string .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  raise the tp dict for tp and tps .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a datetime | | | | times .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  put   null
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  puts an element to become a given format .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  click   click

test:  adapted version of _str_to_ord .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  convert   handles
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  get the most recent tree .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the areal of the maximum value .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   a

test:  reject the fairness experiment .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  null   pass
truth:  using   null

test:  removes nexusport binding .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  read comments for the author comments .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  given   a

test:  read more members into more than words .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  inserts   links
truth:  insert   insert

test:  build a list of option to send to a given set of option .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  build   data
truth:  converts   converts

test:  description description of discretized plugins .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   points
truth:  points   points

test:  return true if n can be a prime number .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   expand
truth:  convert   convert

test:  performs in-place using a histogram of rotation theta .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  performs   compare
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  given two binary segments x and y .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  null   create
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function to convert a llvm python constant into a python constant format .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  return   click
truth:  create   a

test:  disables an api .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  null   end
truth:  declares   null

test:  decorator to actually actually be used in the s3 directory .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  list   wrapper
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  return a console .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  send   send

test:  return a tuple of functools-wrappable attributes on whether it is a tuple of the callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  indent a indentation lines .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   null
truth:  indent   a

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute != the value given .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   objattr
truth:  to   alias

test:  return a list of all undeclared and their number of names .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the directory for home files .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the current nibbles .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  transform   structure
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the following public key .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  show the ways of a boolean as input .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  generate   sync
truth:  is   null

test:  set whether the current user is allowed to authenticate .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  null   step
truth:  change   change

test:  returns a diff string representation of the console and the console and the console dict .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  prints   existence
truth:  takes   null

test:  determine if the character at the given character is in the next time .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  using a passing time .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  test   check
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator that rewrites an integrand function as arguments .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the virtual disk property spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  test %reset db < db .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a file: path to a file path .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a filter of a given source string .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  extracts   null

test:  compatibility wrapper around memoized to create a dict .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  format   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available colours .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  waits for the service to return the specified service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  to   copies
truth:  stop   stop

test:  create a new unpublish type in a http port .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make a palette that will be executed .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  make   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return true if the object has parent of the given class basepath .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  show a module from a registry .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  returns true if point after point after a point is present in the point .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  get all duplicates from list preserving iterable .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculate the table of information for all tests .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   test

test:  determine if the given | name is present in trie .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  collect created created by quantum directories from ovs bridges .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  estimate ar(p) parameters from acovf using yule-walker equation .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  order   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieve gecos info and associated with a gecos user .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   process
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an keyboard role that passes the inline role .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  try to commit a commit to a commit repository .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  to   null
truth:  short   get

test:  a generator of all supported summary events in a series of text .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  make   generator
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  calculate the memory index of the memory index .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   location

test:  a fetches function for construction construction .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  run the unit tests .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  generates an unambiguous representation for the given instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns a sqlalchemy type for the given type .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a switchport object - switch ready for trunk trunk - switch port - switch .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a string in letters to a url .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   filter
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns true if x is an element in a child root .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  get   path
truth:  if   null

test:  generate gexf lines for encoding in encoding .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   lines

test:  copy lines from a fif file to a stream .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  count   compare
truth:  copy   lines

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate one lane mask given the given sequence .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   correlation
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a html to be used by the mapping of device detail :jenkins-wiki:copy .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  performs   wrapper
truth:  process   process

test:  loop until a loop has been reached .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  copy   loop
truth:  call   call

test:  runs the git-checkout(1)_ report on the specified safecommit .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  runs   runs

test:  itemtype delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  migrate for os .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  migrate   null
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of users for which the source is reporting data .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse and normalize request header .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert a list of bsgs bsgs base size .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  show details about the given hyper .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  show   details
truth:  display   display

test:  decorator to check the specified policy corresponding to the wrapped function .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  test   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check that explicit problem completes .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  extracts sentences from a string into sentences .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  validates   symbols
truth:  parses   a

test:  compare two objects with luminosity-contrast fields to tile the right result for backward rpm .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  remove   checks
truth:  null   idea

test:  parse a gcs uri into a gcs path .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a randrange string representing the elgamal and seed as a randrange .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  a decorator that allows a function to be called from the new-style applications .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse a locator header .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function parse fulltext helper function .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  determine if the specified service is available for the callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of non-zero directories of which are same as even .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  given   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  encode a short string to a plain string .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   a

test:  sets up and __str__ .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  applies   function
truth:  is   null

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   web

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  forces a unicode string to an unicode string .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  like   decode
truth:  null   null

test:  combine two classes together in a single order .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  return   return
truth:  perform   a

test:  convert hex hex hex hex hex hex color space to rgb .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  hex   rgb
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  encodes a qpixmap file unlike device .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  return   image
truth:  breaks   up

test:  a helper method to retrieve a country level number .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  check roundtrip for fif .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  raise   reading
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  find all children of a given directory .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks service .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  use   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count for movie movie .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   title

test:  call func with an instance .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  null   app
truth:  calls   a

test:  return the adapter adapter or network adapter .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   windows

test:  return the security group to connect to .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   display

test:  checks if x is an ed2k variable .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a new decorated query query attached to a new-style cached query .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  update   filter
truth:  decorate   a

test:  recursive function to work for a slow .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  shortcut   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a "constantlike" content into a tuple .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  splits   split
truth:  parses   parses

test:  features should extract tags from scenario tags .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  null   null
truth:  having   a

test:  confirm that a token token has been added to the given email token .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if current page isnt provided .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  return true if the given object is a category field .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a command to a dict and return a list of variable declarations .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  parse arguments to generate .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  parse   one
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  discard comparison in a structured way .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test that a bad record can be ignored .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the vector3 path by a point in the matrix .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply migrations to facts if not already present in facts dict dict: .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  migrate   migrate
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  encode string or bytes .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encode   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a file .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  wrap a shell command with specific defaults .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  string   string

test:  byte byte sequences from the fvwi byte string by the given sequences of length .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  test to make sure that should not change the order of the text .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  to   plot
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a returned exploration ids for the given exploration .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  test some cumulative distribution .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  ensure that every sync of its dependencies have specified cnxt .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  stores   checks
truth:  mark   mark

test:  a decorator that ensures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  null   a
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  get data for the contents of a chart chart .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  gets   document
truth:  null   null

test:  get the first filesystem name from the filesystem .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  clones git to the current git git .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  uses   object
truth:  specified   clones

test:  ssl ssl line numbers .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  to   verifies
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-corona of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to add a tag to the rest .
truth: add tag . 
test:  return   attributes
truth:  tag   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  null   test
truth:  using   test

test:  returns a string with an argument and the right string .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  uses   version
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  common code to change gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  update   code
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 64-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  generate a list of names for a given specifications .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  attach a cd reference to the vm reference .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  checks the error code returned by utility .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  makes   checking
truth:  check   check

test:  parses a description .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dictionary and returns a dictionary of header tuples .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   register
truth:  set   up

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  asserts the condition does not raise an exception .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  assert   assert

test:  decorator to change the list of new music music .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   hex
truth:  stack   stack

test:  change directory to use .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  make   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a tuple .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   null

test:  if pep8 is installed .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   test

test:  deletes a job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  show   resource
truth:  deletes   a

test:  create a readpreferencetags step that resets multiple beyond .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print the target target .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  list   return
truth:  print   print

test:  generate missing count for each album .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  returns   attributes
truth:  return   number

test:  return the interface info for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns a string of a number or a number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  tests   number
truth:  to   helper

test:  create a new keytab cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  generates the symmetric group of order n .
truth: return base . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  base   base

test:  build a environment dictionary for the current django request and folder .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  make a test data .
truth: custom view . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  helper function to construct a proper string for a filename .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  formats   path
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  parse a list of words into a list of string .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  return   words
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate obj to be password or none .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  if   obj
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an instance action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  multimodal multimodal function from : multivariate multi-model approach and neither of the multimodal and f1 multivariate multimodal .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  create sql table .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a function of two different primes of p and q .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove refct pairs from an image .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple with versioninfo or none .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  return   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  return the base directory path .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   metadata
truth:  get   ipython

test:  checks that the filter filter enabled .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  check   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  adds a new user to a tenant on a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  add   return
truth:  adds   a

test:  exemplify repr does nothing .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  stores   null
truth:  run   a

test:  returns link-local solicited-node multicast address for given address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  restores the filesystem .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  changes   log
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return distributions part of distributions as a list of strings .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  return   return
truth:  chooses   a

test:  returns the matrix x with their signature .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  null   return
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  we have a timeseries .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  lists   wrapper
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve availability zone .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a list of sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates that value is a mapping of the mapping .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parse a repository and return its filename .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   os

test:  perform an unhandled message on all methods .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  retrieve   application
truth:  change   change

test:  loads data from a set of ops .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  encode   mean
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete an imagemember or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  primitive content and primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  content   multivariate
truth:  content   content

test:  drill a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  this creates the url for xblock that has the parameters to be common to the block of the anonymous .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  null   method
truth:  url   url

test:  sets a billed .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  takes a list of tuples and returns a list of those acl list .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a identifier_list .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   import
truth:  exploit   import

test:  return '{base labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  list   use
truth:  github   github

test:  returns index for a doctype tables .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  function   timeline
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  decorator for tests .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns list of sample ids sorted by mapping file to sample ids .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sort   otu

test:  apply global variables to each of the targets in the configuration .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets metric by name from the os module .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a random string that is useful for generating came .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  return   a
truth:  be   null

test:  returns the *x*-limits similarity of similarity between two ndarrays .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  project   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  register a friendly type with the given name .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  store   handler

test:  converts integer using the ascii l{serverfactory} .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  is   string
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  returns true if t is a valid string .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  process the module release .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  return   module
truth:  get   get

test:  not all of pyobjc and python understand unicode paths very well yet .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  test extract_array test with a pycaffe .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ips a web page to an open branch and execute a remote host .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  return   arguments

test:  returns extension of the type specified by the request .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to support a view specific cors methods and refresh a method .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  a helper to create a national number .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  checks if csr matches a csr .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  does   null

test:  return a list of commands for the given format .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  known   cookie
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return a list of all child nodes of a node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  like   like

test:  this pads pads to a android width or quadratic width .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  map   a
truth:  pad   strings

test:  compute gaussian noise .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  compute   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends the login form to the given url .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  create   backend
truth:  construct   null

test:  assign unjoin to the given problem .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  runs   remove
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return n n x crange number of order n .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  null   settings
truth:  returns   returns

test:  allow a diff to be used by a given expression .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  show   a

test:  validates whether a list of strings are present in the dictionary .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   validator

test:  adds the specified path to the context .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  null   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  returns generated covariance matrix for ^p overlap with tanh statistics .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  null   points
truth:  compute   compute

test:  load cached otus .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  delete   key
truth:  default   default

test:  read all multipart/form-data elements into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  extract   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return the string trail in the string s .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  to   null

test:  parse arguments to generate .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds headers to the response with a response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  ip   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  shuffle axis .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   use

test:  enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enables   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  null   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the matrix of diagonal elements of a matrix .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return a fake volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  get   api
truth:  return   a

test:  return the list of all osquery cli example: .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   sql
truth:  time   time

test:  given a string for indexing indexing .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  iterate over the trees in a prodoc file .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  work   set
truth:  confirm   null

test:  a convenience wrapper to generate an lls .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts a quadratic bezier curve to a cubic approximation .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  null   system
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a named tuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  parse the contents of a block key .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  disconnect service state .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  disconnect   endpoint
truth:  function   function

test:  clones a new vm by name .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  update the flash attribute of the given type with the given name .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  read   a

test:  this method will build the original objects for some user with it .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  construct   backup
truth:  like   like

test:  returns an entity string as returned by wolph .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  transform   parse
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  returns javascript string with json encoding and trailing quotes .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  output   output

test:  create a new jinja2 ports .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test meta meta data from activated file .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  querying   check
truth:  querying   test

test:  succeeds succeeds .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  use   flavor
truth:  return   return

test:  update the configuration .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  null   config
truth:  null   section

test:  returns the beginning of the current transaction .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  provides   null

test:  print output to stdout .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return a dictionary of specific augeas files .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create and use the closest features to hcluster .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  calculate   remove
truth:  null   cluster

test:  release the number of available chapters .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  get   null
truth:  release   a

test:  move to the current end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stops cassandra .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   zookeeper
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  return the requested cache dict .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a context manager that generates the subset of the current environment .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  null   null

test:  patched version of urllib .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  quoted   return

test:  extract a specific version number from the text file .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete an image by id or id .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   find
truth:  specified   delete

test:  return true if idle is present .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  accept   functions
truth:  return   return

test:  run one app of the reporter that apply to each account .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   item
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parse http response and return the result as a tuple with the given parse .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parse   status

test:  uses the given data and invoke an api response .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   one
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  filter   items

test:  retrieve a check object from an existing check name .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  return   return

test:  escape a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  loads the device .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  null   download
truth:  install   install

test:  provide the full text search for full text .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  like   matches
truth:  if   test

test:  create a new initializing with a single category to mock an index .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  to   null
truth:  create   a

test:  verify the validity of the libnotify isnt running in the register_schema server .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  initialize   model
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  create a backup .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  given   export
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a key for the user with the given key in the hash directory then use it with the public key of a key to generate an sls as the
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   salt

test:  code for encoded code .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  predicate   content
truth:  filter   filter

test:  jitter a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  speed   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  remove the fake project that is created from the tests .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  return   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the value is a string and optionally is a valid security .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test to return order of order children and order of order taxes when no order is specified with each order is given .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  modify any state and log error message .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  return the pythonpath for the owner .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in degrees for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  get span from segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  encode a string with a regular expression .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  remove   string
truth:  replaces   a

test:  see if the file is in the tarball .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  add an error to the output file .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  main function cube directory containing reverse fasta and main at the end of the fasta script input_fasta_fp: .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  truncate   store
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  list genres .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  helper function that returns the right permission map the given permission .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  replaces   utility
truth:  support   multiple

test:  do the lineedit and the lineedit .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  asserts   validations
truth:  run   run

test:  write an image array to a file .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  convert   shortcut
truth:  write   a

test:  test 14 of an api .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  allows   helper
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  this function takes a bytestring and escaping in the cell ${foo} .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  a wrapper around yaml .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  null   register
truth:  used   callback

test:  get harris points within distances between coordinate and chunk .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   corners

test:  parses a given input to a float .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a path in a pathname .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   number

test:  retrieve the name of the process used for the process .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  process   return
truth:  process   process

test:  find an attribute of the given module .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the head part of a path .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  url   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this check handles - stored on the dataframe and stored stored in the stored stored .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  allow   check
truth:  function   function

test:  link to the link in the console .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  to   link
truth:  make   a

test:  return the laplacian laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a suffix from a suffix .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  function   function

test:  find the condition at the bottom of a positive integer .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   return

test:  format a subscription into a file .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  function   format
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the current application platform .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the given valid aws regions .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  create   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  detach all bcache device symlinks if no device is given .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   function
truth:  attach   a

test:  confirm this module is on a debian based system and a solaris for opensuse .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  convert text into text corresponding to text @rtype: format .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  convert   text
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  set the given properties on a project and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  work   works
truth:  works   works

test:  runs a command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  check whether the object is a particular object .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  null   standard

test:  test that exclusive environment is shown .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of unique elements containing the given library .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available images cli example: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   details

test:  create the api method that converts the api into api .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  null   set
truth:  given   a

test:  generates a unique .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  template   a
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  returns a pointer to the given size .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  string   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  dynamically loads the resource path .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  to   get
truth:  to   null

test:  delete an user server by its budgetid .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  delete   validates
truth:  deletes   a

test:  parses a stports .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parses   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  view to redirect to the current file .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  view   redirect
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  null   shim
truth:  null   shim

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  open the help chapter for the given help .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  launch   redirect
truth:  opens   null

test:  takes a list of answers and returns a list of filenames .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  check   check

test:  given a matrix p and q .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the list of users by the latest user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  queries   queries

test:  returns a boolean stating whether the path is a path .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the shortcut bit .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   store
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  return a timezone aware datetime .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  application home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  module   home
truth:  view   view

test:  generate the imdbs imdbs imdbs for the ibp customers .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  null   implementation

test:  generate a random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  deletes orphaned #144 .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   vm
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  this confine is windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test that selectionchanged is only built from the tokenizer .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate a series of batches .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into json .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a number in the number of positive integer to a base .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  converts   pad
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate a rolls from the sequence .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  provides apcaccess only on this minion .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   load
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  returns the yaml representation of databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  translate   export
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns patch .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  patch   update
truth:  patch   patch

test:  recursive helper to mavg .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  moving   compute

test:  creates multiple policies classes .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   classes

test:  test freezing a package clone .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  dumps the supplied snapshot to a file for reading .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  take   structure
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  saves registration code for a user with registration invoice parameters matching the user to save invoice .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  given   notification
truth:  function   function

test:  zero or scalar elements of a vector .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   x
truth:  turn   a

test:  this function is called by nose_runner when the python interpreter are loaded .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  null   update
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone activity .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   milestone

test:  only load if the locale module is present .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  null   return
truth:  load   load

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  validates a iterables to resolve resolve resolve resolve resolve resolve resolve to a dictionary .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get a service by host its on and binary it listens to binary .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that reads a stream of json pipe .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  the init bindings for testing that are marked as expected .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   listener
truth:  load   core

test:  policy configuration .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  change   factory
truth:  given   null

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   commits
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  launches x509 x509 .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  stop   helper
truth:  allows   null

test:  extract the kind and returns a macro macro for it .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ignore warnings according to the locale .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  null   object
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode python 2 .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   bson
truth:  encode   bson

test:  get the secret token for the current request and a dictionary .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   a

test:  configures the response .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  change   null
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export a single repository .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   export

test:  returns the version number appearing in the given file .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  search   search

test:  read the string table for the xml table .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   xml
truth:  read   in

test:  get a datastore .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  get   database
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates that value is a valid system id .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  validates that value is an instance of basestring or none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  select an attribute of a collection .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  return a list of the topojson that are on the provider .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  allow   variant
truth:  removes   null

test:  check if a package is present .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  decorator ensuring that the decorated user is not supported .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the list of records for the project .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the first file is a votable string or false if the votable functionality is a votable .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  reads   null

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the output .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  creates a function that will run in a given template .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   use
truth:  create   a

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   assignment

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  a simple convenience function that generates a helpful plugin .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  return   page
truth:  null   a

test:  helper method to format a quote .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  format   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  exponential linear frames and adds frames to each document .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  to   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parses the app entries from a configuration .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  function   username
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  yield the directory containing all of the files that match the given directory .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  file   sys
truth:  iterates   null

test:  respond with registration registration :return: serialized registration :rtype: dict .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  replaces   redirect
truth:  look   null

test:  given a numpy array of symbol and :class: .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  print information about the summary of all the failed statistics .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  be   register
truth:  null   a

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  plotting   breadcrumbs
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  parse a block scalar scalar in a block scalar .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  process   process

test:  compute polynomial division f(g) .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  reduce   f

test:  tests whether the views is returned by the process .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write html scene scene to a file .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  get   return
truth:  create   html

test:  generates full absolute path to the context of the given dependency .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  generate   path
truth:  accepts   a

test:  compute input length of a convolution given output length .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  function   function
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  elementwise exponential function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   returns
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  parses a cookie header and return a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   optional
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the camel name is equal .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  validates that plugin is valid .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  wrapper for addon page titles .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  perform a transform from a gaussian beam to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test spherical representation of units with two units .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  compare   unit
truth:  tests   tests

test:  prints out the user and prompt for each prompt .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  drops   manager
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the course is privileged for the given course block device .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if the argument is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  if   x
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the acl should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list based on should be allowed based on should be allowed .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the currently active language for the current language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test the move method .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a mandatory class configured with the same name as the compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  request   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run django test suite .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  runs   app
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  used   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a formated tree .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  list   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a group topic message page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterates over the hidden service descriptors in a entry .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  parse   content
truth:  iterates   null

test:  get the file mode .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  file   get
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a currencies structure for a file .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  add   add
truth:  initialize   null

test:  helper for _to_base_type() .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  text   show
truth:  text   text

test:  return the hash from a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  populate populate of the document .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  view   a
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a dictionary of key/value pairs to a set of scopes .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  given   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  completes integer in gf(p)[x] .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  generate a resource file and docstring .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   resource

test:  take a specific returner .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email address .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  email   email

test:  generate all aliases .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generates   everything
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup the swiss public component .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   states
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the path to the kafka .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the first value for rtype: response .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete a records from the database .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  return the content of a named package(s) music .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  enable   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets a pipeline .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  set   current
truth:  set   a

test:  get releases with the given discid id as a dict with an discid key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  get   search
truth:  search   search

test:  create a 16-bit 16-bit string with zero n equal to n .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   sample
truth:  list   list

test:  get or create a network .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  return   networks
truth:  get   a

test:  count the elements of a list of shape .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the unicode string representation of the search string .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  takes   cycle
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if the search search is running under a search search .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes unicode to utf-8 if not already unicode .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  to   encode

test:  like format .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  format   formats
truth:  return   a

test:  given a page .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  if   a
truth:  requests   requests

test:  splits a list of corpus into an iterator of always discrete .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  iterate   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  bind a model to an array according to the model in the classes .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  returns   actor
truth:  create   a

test:  export patches to an debug debug .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  export   export
truth:  git   git

test:  upload a file-like object to s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  view   helper
truth:  upload   a

test:  simple log message and log it .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  set   use
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  return a user object by id or anonymous anonymous .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  object   return
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  adds a new given shell to the given shell .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  null   python
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the dovado platform .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the request backends .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify a package is not supported .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a slice of the elements and the same ip addresses .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  rebuild   return
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the character .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   character

test:  get the expected dict of the current host .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  a traversal selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   type

test:  convert images to numeric as returned by the mean .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  return   rgb

test:  ensure that the named user is deleted .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  wrapper around csr .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  convert an expression into a dask .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  load   a

test:  get the gcode text from the gcode text .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  logs out the user from the logs .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   version
truth:  initialize   null

test:  build an error message from a network option and a pool .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  msg   content
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  returns the name of the display .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the tag sents .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  use   nltks

test:  return a qicon .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   os
truth:  create   a

test:  copy data from a treebank file and return a further file .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   a

test:  return a 4 4 4 matrix with the same name .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  null   base
truth:  null   utility

test:  decorator that adds indexing to the header of the response .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda list keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  takes an html fragment and returns it as a url string .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  link   text
truth:  trims   null

test:  get current timezone cli example: .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a dictionary of normalized metadata .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   get

test:  get the subtitle path for the given video path .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  remove first/last units from a dictionary of checksum .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  clean   servers
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  generates a string key to cache its contents in cachedir .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  compute   directory

test:  return an alloc -> x .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  translate   optimization
truth:  if   null

test:  find the parameters to be used in new process .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict and return a dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  convert   custom
truth:  parse   multi

test:  cleanup windows .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  server   run
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  returns all xml element in xpath .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  find   a

test:  prints the summary statistics to stdout .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  debug   menu
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure image is present in the computenode name : string name of image to ensure that the image can be present on the computenode name of the image .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   query
truth:  ensure   image

test:  adds a relative url to the current urls .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  split a pathname into a hierarchy .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  return   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   find

test:  exponential linear unit function .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  null   base
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the folders .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decorator to mark a function as a wrapper function .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  null   fake
truth:  to   decorator

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  generate javascript map of the javascript messages to the javascript messages .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generate   shortcut
truth:  generates   a

test:  validates that locale for use in addition .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  make   null

test:  check that x has been reached by backend and reorder .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  return   check
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return indices from a platform or an index array .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  return   string
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  retrieves the identity for the given option and user .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a conda package .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the given extension should be requested .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  check whether git and/or aborts to a given repo .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  null   validation
truth:  if   check

test:  check that varying are shown with iraf frames .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypts dtc code .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  takes   view
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a abs class with properties .
truth: like @property . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  html vote for a vote .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  null   vote

test:  return the chordal cycle of p graph .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  deletes the contents of the cookies in the past .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  ensures   delete
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets an scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  selects and return a callbacks for an object .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  generate   map
truth:  runs   op

test:  obtain uptime from show version data .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  string   string
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  retrieve a server by id or text .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  find   a
truth:  get   a

test:  open the invalidating to make the invalidating .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  project   certificate
truth:  do   null

test:  serializes and encodes a pickle string to a pickle string .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  like   a
truth:  serializes   a

test:  extract a zipfile in the file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  unzip   object
truth:  extract   null

test:  ensure the named service is absent .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse the mapping file .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  like the unix mock directories that is relative to the parent directory .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  return a unicode object for matching bytes .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  converts   unicode
truth:  make   null

test:  list public ips .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the computenode of the user to remove user system permission to remove .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  test the use of build model .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  transform   test
truth:  to   try

test:  assemble the module name and return a javascript string .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  assemble   decorator
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  just a regression should work on unix timestamp .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  test   check
truth:  url   url

test:  tests that the right response returned by flexget accepts the json parser .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  test   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns metadata metadata as a nested listener .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on a thread .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns the standard deviation of the given iterable object .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  drop stray directories .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   fix
truth:  drop   directories

test:  replace %xx escapes by their single-character equivalent .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  to   undo
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  return string with all lines in a comment .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  returns   lines
truth:  string   string

test:  get an esxi status for the specified host or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  run   a
truth:  show   status

test:  day profiling information .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  mock   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  return command to python script .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use the cuda thread to make sure that the cuda record for a single call .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   a

test:  helper to write metadata file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a directory for local file .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   redirect
truth:  creates   null

test:  use of @roles only .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  flattens a string .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  compute edges in a source space .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  returns   histogram
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   reject
truth:  complete   null

test:  return a dict filtered to have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   test_record_bad
truth:  like   like

test:  calculate the flattened statistic stationary between order and n-1 .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  given   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find program in a given directory .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   program

test:  create a new function that takes one or more file and updates .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if the babel language is a babel locale for the given language .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  to   try

test:  return the native object returned by the type of the type .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  support   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   redirect
truth:  given   a

test:  strips matching prefix and returns the prefix and strips matching handlers .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  matching   parse
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if the given filename matches the given extension .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tests that we are usually with zero or more expects .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  make   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  prints the installation version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  display   version

test:  convert a timedelta delta to the appropriate date value .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  project an item using a wiki wiki .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  renames   verifies
truth:  view   view

test:  computes the poisson distribution from the given distribution .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  computes   x
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a mock .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  get   get

test:  return the amount of benchmark limit .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  return   return
truth:  allocate   null

test:  returns a list of milestones for the specified namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  null   api

test:  accepts a list of dicts .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  null   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  calculate the mean of the mean of the fragment .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  decorator that ensures that the function always returns a specific set of the function .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  generate a proxy for the received proxy .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  override   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  converts an exception object into a he response and returns a standard python object .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  numpy numpy data to 1 1 .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns tuples .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  content   content

test:  parse properties in a code file .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder g/b .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  null   null

test:  read hb-format shape file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   momentum
truth:  read   read

test:  calculate the size of the string text to write raw data to a string .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  text   size
truth:  return   a

test:  print an exit message .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  error   changes
truth:  error   error

test:  generates all the divisors of a set of divisors .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  null   alternative
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the rademacher .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  searches   searches

test:  compute a clip clip of nodes .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  null   a
truth:  search   search

test:  lx lx export-aria2 .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  profile   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  parses one or more model object and manner .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  parse   string
truth:  return   return

test:  test for pairs of wheels .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   query
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a package is installed in master .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  is   null

test:  makes a request token to an oauth request .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   create
truth:  makes   a

test:  determine whether a given path is protected .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  return   check
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a long to a string of byte order .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test to ensure the test flag is associated with a boolean .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  akaike information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the multivariate variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  do markdown over the given text .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  convert   markdown
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  to   options
truth:  to   check

test:  attempts to create a warning with the request and the warning .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   attempts
truth:  adds   a

test:  wrap the function to fail if it raises an exception .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  compute kernel spec .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete a server from spacewalk .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   alf
truth:  return   return

test:  display all reconstructions .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  show   show

test:  adds a mapping between error codes and the dtypes error messages .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  error   error

test:  ensure a website is present in the name of a specific search name the name of the system to remove search cli example: .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  restore restore flask flask option .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  shut   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns qr or continuous array of qr objects .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  computes   header
truth:  computes   null

test:  return all indices in a frames .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same type as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  selects a boolean .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  boolean   title
truth:  return   html

test:  returns the mac address on unix timestamp .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   mac

test:  return a list of all sysv services cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  generates   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a data structure to a string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  function   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install the given development to python scripts .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   certificates
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches for a albuminfo and returns an iterator over the tokens .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns the field value for use in a tabular view .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  get   null
truth:  function   function

test:  -> -> recommended demo data from the next next change of content .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  generate   migrate
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  decode a task task .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  post   post

test:  return the finite-difference vector of the expression passed to the gradient list of *x* .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   null

test:  decodes bytes or unicode string .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  string   attempts
truth:  guess   guess

test:  launch a fake fraction to an object .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  pick   use
truth:  launch   launch

test:  ensure a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate git packages .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  create   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  restart   restart

test:  display a new disk as a wunderground .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  show   display
truth:  to   helper

test:  http error handler .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper function to format a list of unix names .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  format   null
truth:  format   a

test:  set up the logging module .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  sets   up

test:  returns a valid web application .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  grant   app
truth:  null   helper

test:  parse out the event .
truth: given an event . 
test:  parses   items
truth:  given   null

test:  return the default exception for this adds .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  limit   return
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  calls s3 bucket bucket .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   correct
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about a server .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  passes   null
truth:  send   a

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to modify the groups of groups to modify groups to which to modify since
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  forces a string to be rendered as a quoted string .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  verify that the specified python is installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  compute the unspecified: and move fields .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  identify   compare
truth:  join   operation

test:  returns the data of a datastore .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a strategy to make a strategy .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   strategy

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  when a dataset is created .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  parse   in
truth:  github   github

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   context
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the secret object returned by the secrets manager instance getcrypter method .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  does   strip
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a chunk of a file based on the master cli example: .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  opens a file in the string file .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  read   read
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return indent length of a string .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the list of all the date date for which the given course and start the given course .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks that the bc function make sure the duplicates have duplicates .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator to make sure the @no_type_check are not accessible .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a base class with a metaclass in py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  read lsm sequence .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   requests
truth:  read   read

test:  return the pygdispatch pygdispatch for the given file .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  return   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a entry loaded with the given module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  load   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  write the reader in the database file .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  write   a

test:  return whether the site has been set .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to find zeros in floats for floats .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  return   merge
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return the directory path .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  given a path to the given path .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  adds a bunch of entities to a volume .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   uniform

test:  write datachars .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  returns a valid user or valid dictionary as a valid user .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if a vlan interface exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  tests creating a number with items in settings .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  transforms a dict mapping nodes to a dict .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   a

test:  open a repository in a repository .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  clears   commands
truth:  spawn   a

test:  returns the power of p .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  convert an action to an conf action .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  convert   action
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   table
truth:  list   table

test:  test to make sure that custom completion completion works .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a pytz timezone object for the current request .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  select   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  add one or more added; to the request .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  destroy a record by name or id .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  marks   instance

test:  adds a repository to a github repository .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a relationship() which specifies post_update .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  save   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get the list of records for a process .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  clean   process
truth:  return   return

test:  attach a document to the title of the document .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  edit   use
truth:  create   a

test:  get report list by name .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  return   group
truth:  list   list

test:  convert markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the code-object .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with added lines added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that a pickle column produces a pickle matrix .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  return   site
truth:  setup   setup

test:  build a list of kinds and auto-arg-copy for all kinds sizes .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  verify that the fits checksums .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  filename   check
truth:  prints   a

test:  the restful exam to get an entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  get   searches
truth:  null   workflow

test:  iterate over genbank file .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  iterate   image
truth:  breaks   up

test:  issues a system to redis .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  shutdown   returns
truth:  save   null

test:  entry point to markdown api .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  parse   entry
truth:  parse   parse

test:  splits path for foscam path or b into the first template sent for the path for which contains such a template or services .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   a

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   a

test:  check that orphans not have been absorbed .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  to   custom
truth:  finds   participants

test:  ask for a color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  check if n is a safe keystring .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  calculate the hash type of a hashing entry .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a path relative to colas /usr/share/doc/ directory .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return the filesystem name given a path .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  parses   path
truth:  return   return

test:  take a list of tuples .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string gain/peak gain/peak gain/peak gain/peak gain/peak gain/peak gain/peak gain/peak gain/peak gain/peak gain/peak gain/peak gain/peak gain/peak values .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   replaygain
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  simple sequences of base64 with statement .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  header   header

test:  remove the named sysv service from starting at boot .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  null   return
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates database params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a store store from the configuration file .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  chunks   try
truth:  given   a

test:  sort parameters based on the optionally labels .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  return a status status given a graph g .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  compute   check
truth:  error   error

test:  convert a list of space separated by spaces to a string .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  get   words

test:  convert integer to float .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  value   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  check if a path is browsable on the given dependency .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  return   check
truth:  detects   null

test:  adds a tuple of paths to each of the history file .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  add   move
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   module
truth:  null   resource

test:  define all of the priority listed in the setup .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  populate   set
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description this plugin creates a description for each build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define interface to the target binary .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   null

test:  a pre-hook for the "representation base class .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit page .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set whether or not a list of desktop .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  force   list
truth:  sets   property

test:  there are the signals signal and exceeds content .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  to   display
truth:  connect   connect

test:  check a variable of a propositional sentence .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  null   rows
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  a base that exists and class with a default selector .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  extract the lowest value from a uwsgi .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the paginator .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  list   list

test:  import saved text file .
truth: open history . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  open   history

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  reads the object from the specified file and return it .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current ticklocs and polar labels .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure getfacl & setfacl exist .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install docker distribution on the local node .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  install   install
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a document from a string .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  dimitem : expr lt expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   toktype
truth:  null   null

test:  return the lines of the given file .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  like   a
truth:  get   get

test:  does not raise skiptest exception if not exists .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   strip
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to amazon ec2 service :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  to   build
truth:  to   connect

test:  move a file or directory from the destination .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   a
truth:  file   file

test:  attempt to rm a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  true if value contains only one of the writable characters .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  return moving average counts for the given n .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  samples   transform
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launches a dialog .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   url
truth:  launches   null

test:  test adjusts calls calls .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  check   shortcut
truth:  is   null

test:  task to build a sitemap for debugging .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  builds   standard
truth:  build   build

test:  converts a field protobuf to a document_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type 6 section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  plot a single image as a plot .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plots   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  send a command with the provided data and wait for the job to be loaded via pillar .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  send   point
truth:  send   send

test:  ensure that the named service is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  is a canonical type .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  return   null
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  takes a dictionary entry and a dictionary mapping a template variables .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  to   a
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns data from the configuration of a network .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  handle   validations
truth:  return   return

test:  create and return a unique filename for a mission .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract a large format from a string of the form .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse a uri into tuple .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  get an item from the given environment .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add faces to square .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   square
truth:  add   cube

test:  rgb to rgb color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  to   login
truth:  transform   x

test:  return image with glance notification visibility member creation .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  formats   format
truth:  given   a

test:  home page .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  a function to run a insert environment for a remote location .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  skip   start
truth:  start   a

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  completes timeout of catalog for running returners .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  null   null

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  parse a whole block device name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  given   null
truth:  split   node

test:  a simple region region .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   volume
truth:  remove   volume

test:  set the preferred time zone for the channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  fullrank rank of a fullrank matrix x .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  tests in-db in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  test that the message message twice -> show twice .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  show   show

test:  get the docs file for the filename .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  creates a list of functions from a list of functions .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  to   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   split

test:  opens a file .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  null   files
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait until a volume state has been reached .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  return 18 templates .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience function that reads the specified stream and returns the current stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns json string of the data .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  gets   helper
truth:  get   get

test:  add items to db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  accepts   items
truth:  null   null

test:  returns landing status information for instructor .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  null   response
truth:  view   method

test:  returns a dict describing the given limits .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the model model label from the given models .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the value of the elements of list .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  reverse   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all specification for a given qos_specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  renders the text to html .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  render   render
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  patched version of bytes .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  null   quote

test:  formats a datetime object to make it usable in rfc 2822 .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   view
truth:  fetches   information

test:  fetches all valid exploration ids for the given user and exploration .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a strategy for working with a created engine .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test reading and censure censure censure .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  allow application to be used in networking .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  checks if google cloud credentials are present .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  get   credentials

test:  create a new service options .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  samples   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  sends an error message to the contact pages .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   error
truth:  sends   a

test:  verifying the instance_system_metadata function as masking masking -> evolutionary .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  test   test

test:  try to obtain the current versions of a user .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  return   versions
truth:  grab   drac

test:  retrieve full command type associated with the given power or access .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  casts   a
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated string as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  enqueues the task update for the given course update .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  null   structure
truth:  sends   a

test:  return true if filename is a binary string .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   test

test:  models are created through lettuce steps .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return a dictionary of model instances .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as t104: implementing po files .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  does   null

test:  create program action to run a program .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  creates   attempts
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to return a new dictionary of expressions based on the expression and fields .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the schema footer .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  return   data

test:  return a list of data for the given unfinished .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute the kernel for x and y .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a list of error details .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  descend   null

test:  renders the comment form through the given object and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that name matches the given string .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  validate   verifies
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a namespace given a namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  this function ensures that a local plotly has all plotly permissions .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  determine if the id of the block should be ignored .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  take a new map file and saves it to a protocol .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  config   buttons
truth:  map   map

test:  function the table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  function   commands
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  check that year .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  read a file and return the contents .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called timeout fails to return before the response and return the called function with a ignores timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  minimize abundance abundance otu otu file .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   edit
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  build the test coverage to include coverage and test coverage .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  integer count of number to check if the number is less than or equal to equal to 1 .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  return   count
truth:  function   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in x .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  connected   release
truth:  insert   item

test:  update the master cache .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  null   security
truth:  required   items

test:  handle the named image to this image .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  push   push

test:  parse sizes .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialize   one
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  return the function responsible for the given template .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  null   function
truth:  get   get

test:  parse stack trace to specified arguments in a tree starting at stack .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   null
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  returns boolean indicating whether the configuration is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  prompts the user and log in .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  prompts   decorator
truth:  prompts   null

test:  move to bokeh text .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  connected   versions
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the distribution .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  save edit .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   verifies
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test pick channels .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   pick
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the scsgate switch .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a set of nodes in g of source .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   multiple
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rest controller for teams @note: currently for teams should only be used for searching for use .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  insert a header line into the list of folders .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  order   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  socket   case
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instances .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  depth first search wrapper for score_reset through a path string .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  return   a
truth:  depth   depth

test:  change the grains of an minion .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  do   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return a list of wanna help objects for a given project .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  generates   find
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes string to utf-8 and does not contain a unicode string .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  encode   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the current module object for a repository .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  get   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  stop geonode .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  find position after the "templates" number .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  clean   output
truth:  input   input

test:  given a uri .
truth: given a location . 
test:  returns   location
truth:  given   a

test:  add orbits with the extruder off .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the process .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  we go through every service and compute it .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  update   certificate
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  constructs   linker
truth:  linker   linker

test:  expand one argument to another .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  null   argument

test:  return true if the qurl is a qurl or false .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  get   try
truth:  if   check

test:  returns command command name unless datasink is command .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  get   name
truth:  name   name

test:  resource headers .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  project   custom
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check nova in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  returns the current theme .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get current timezone cli example: .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  computes   page
truth:  get   get

test:  parses a query string and converts it into a dictionary .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  url   filters
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  information about the instance info .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  register   register
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from containerbroker before the storage_policy_index column was added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforexsync .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  i have a placeholder .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  verifies   shortcut
truth:  have   i

test:  return a sorted list of words in the string .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  return   searches
truth:  null   null

test:  sanitize an literals pair in the form of a specific pair .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  to   number
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all modules with name modname .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  parses a string containing a dictionary of non pairs .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap the given function so that its response is exceptions .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  print a given traceback to stdout .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  initiate students in students .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  to   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  mangle the type for a given type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  attributes   null
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute polynomial division of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  get list of all the apps listing .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  send a message to hipchat server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  send   send
truth:  sending   message

test:  validate metadata for a validates validates and extract the user .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  function   points
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  plot metrics for a stored results .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get students of the list of students to use in studio .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  encode a single character .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  convert   convert

test:  retrieve a list of files that can be used to access the machine .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  create   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  execute a onlyif and return a dict containing information about the global python and the global state of the command line call .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generate a random number of bytes .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  erfinv value for the var(p) log-likelihood .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  package   returns
truth:  null   approximation

test:  convert a response of continuous-time system to a normal system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  null   format
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  list locks for all packages cli example: .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   current

test:  creates a sqlalchemy field for the given model .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  generate a plugin names from the given plugin with names .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  generate   a

test:  tokenize a json set of words in json .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  handle accept a file .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  run   intersections
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders a form element .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   fields
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   use
truth:  avoid   null

test:  given a course_key .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get filename content by name .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  filename   filename

test:  attempt to id the memory id id for memory currently id id .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   args

test:  return an image assignment_operator assignment_operator from the path .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  formats   link
truth:  get   get

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the vmdk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  the feature considering raises a feature with a feature .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  null   features
truth:  null   feature

test:  convert special data to str .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the path string on a python source file path .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  use   windows

test:  compares two paths and returns the result of the paths matching the paths .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a network object connected to the cluster .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  return   a
truth:  gets   reference

test:  make sure get_user() works properly .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  do all the singleton we need to be run .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  to   test
truth:  raises   null

test:  renders a jinja environment using jinja2 .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  render   render
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of unicode keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a serialized file to a hash .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  download   update
truth:  get   path

test:  quote an argument in a string .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  tag   seconds
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of module .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  fetches a list of all security groups .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  creates a new service object in the given tenant and populates the users l2 cluster .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  function   create
truth:  create   a

test:  change emails to basket .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  given   email
truth:  change   primary

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   distribution

test:  build an exception formatted by policy .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return the current transport .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  discover a list of file names to a directory .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  to   images
truth:  null   null

test:  plot error .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plots   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get a list of simplified pairs .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  ignore   routine
truth:  reduces   a

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  null   null
truth:  display   display

test:  get all volumes belonging to a generic generic group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  ensure that the current document is saved .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  mark   task
truth:  archive   archive

test:  check if the string is positive .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  get   variant
truth:  cast   a

test:  returns the maximum number of api calls for which the highest is calculated to access a list of api calls for the given user .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a server from a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  create a volumeservice client for a specific backend .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a dataframe representing the hgrid index of a dataframe .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  selects   connection
truth:  computes   a

test:  returns a list of messages required by the user and javascript .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  get   get

test:  sends an email to the email .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   email
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a pound character (#) followed by a new line ( requirement: * mysql 4 .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  initialize the debugging output .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  initialize   update
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve an enabled url for given provider .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  gets   null

test:  truncate fields to a comp comp .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of an array along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  permutes   null
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() shouldnt output with env .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display whether vim should work properly .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   null
truth:  display   display

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  truncate   string
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a template name and a template .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  is   null
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to decorate a method to be api .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  registers   a

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname for fab .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  ssh   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert longitude to the integer .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get the number of center and signed bearing for the given step .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create country codes and checks if it doesnt exist yet .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns returns the ring of a graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  defines   a

test:  return a log message to the specified title and the optional message .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  redirect   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  returns a recipient message .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  send   a

test:  add a path to a undirected graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  add   a

test:  return a eigenvalues of the dot product by the first eigenvalues of a .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  returns   inverse
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  download the given represented as invoice .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  downloads   view
truth:  download   download

test:  create a bpm for a given target .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  get   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a string to a list of flag separated as a dictionary .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  return a list of all state pools and their state .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  given   dns
truth:  package   package

test:  replaces python string with utf-8 quotes .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replace   path
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns a ccx object for a ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  to   strips
truth:  remove   remove

test:  apply a datetime to a datetime .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generating   a

test:  calculate md5sum of an md5 hash .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  create an nxm nxm instance for a given name .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  associate volume specs associated with given qos type .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   volume

test:  compute the bdbquit for data .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  create   method
truth:  convert   convert

test:  strips all unicode characters from the string as a ascii string .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  tokenize   converts
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  register the new signals on the source files .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  register   register
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parse a string according to command-line settings .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses a cost equation .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing a git repository clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  downloads   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  check gcrs<->cirs transform .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  check   handles
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given httpresponse and object_id -- but only vulnerabilities .
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  compute svd of a complex matrix from the values of a function .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  print   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new children with the given parent .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  null   configs
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a node that links to the given error ref .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  returns   a

test:  a list of urls that do a series of all urls .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  null   utility

test:  get the namespaces of the organization .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   k8s
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  ajax view to delete comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  runs the test suite .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a role function to make it usable by sending sending .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  setup   role
truth:  install   install

test:  determines whether the value represents a callable .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compile   option

test:  get geometryoutput vertexes by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read a prefix from a chmod .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  convert   map
truth:  extract   information

test:  return the vms object to use .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  return   proxmox
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return absolute path to the directory .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a doctest for a module to the file .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  match a specific node cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrap an google encoded engine to a google cloud api .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   event
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  remove files .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  list   file
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness pixel .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  fixes all python records starting with python source records .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  to   docstring
truth:  to   try

test:  determine if a given power is installed .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the get view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   media
truth:  get   subitems

test:  convert a base64 encoded string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   converts
truth:  decode   a

test:  return community defaults cli example: .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  return   content
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update collections collections in a set of python 3 .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   collections

test:  returns true if a string is a requirement requirement .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  encode nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  show if operation should proceed; queries .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  show   null
truth:  ask   a

test:  matrix trace function .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  cast   fill
truth:  trace   trace

test:  same mocked rbracket .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  assert   check
truth:  test   test

test:  returns key and key for given key .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  validates if a loop is a valid loop name .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  starts a process .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  run   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a long integer to a long integer .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   filter
truth:  convert   digest

test:  calculate the remaining date and time for a start date .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   one
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  perform float with tanh images and sigmoid activations .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  parse a source file .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert a dictionary of data to a json dict .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  format   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  python 3 library .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  return   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  ensure the container agent is set .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the number of bits bits in a binary point .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  make   product
truth:  specified   get

test:  compatibility wrapper for delfacl .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a mini-batch of convolution or dict2 .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  delete   interface
truth:  null   null

test:  "name" "name" to the demos before the two state .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  null   service
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test initialisation function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   box
truth:  test   cube

test:  main entry point for the living api .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne info .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   process
truth:  test   mne

test:  return the old .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  if   find
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a boolean property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  returns the type of a given param .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this method will check the actual result of a requests response with the actual .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  check   username
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generates an application error message from the application error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  error   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  calculate a dictionary with symbol attributes on each state this looks through all of the trans_probs .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  cache a simple sole checks if the user has a permission .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  null   param
truth:  caching   null

test:  create a loopback .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a class from an option to a class .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract the exponentent bit from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  put   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  traverse all files in a directory and return the corresponding one .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a line option .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  insert the dictionary to create and return the list of images in the same location as numpy .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  null   compatibility
truth:  adds   null

test:  should return true if the path should be retained .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  return   points
truth:  inform   null

test:  returns the property tag for the given db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  db   db

test:  test to make sure that the data can accept strings .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  to   filter
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  aliased   returns
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  returns a string with records separated as output .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  simplified   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts spherical coordinates to cartesian .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return true if there is a field for the given field .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create an instance of the master with the given title .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   language
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the demo remotes platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that in-db in-db units after each layer in the on-disk file and that the on-disk on-disk on-disk match the table .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   projects
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a new compiler to use .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   import
truth:  generate   generate

test:  update users remove users remove from subscription .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  move   update
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  verifies a new host and return the hsl stub .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  handle   list
truth:  null   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  remove   multiple
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test dpsswavelet -> l .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  parse the settings file .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  reads   view
truth:  read   read

test:  on multiple inheritance .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  verify   session
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  returns the directory to be used for new app cache .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns expired sessions as expired .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  get   block
truth:  list   list

test:  make a test case .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split a minimum into individual parts .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   extension
truth:  given   a

test:  solve a route(s) .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  solve   equation

test:  removes the headers from a response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  simulate standard deviation .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  simulate   loss
truth:  simulate   a

test:  merges the merge to the merge .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the profile model class for the given profile .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test trust class .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   test
truth:  logging   logging

test:  periodogram to periodogram .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  using   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dumps a file to disk .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a new security group cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  decorator that checks if a topic is available .
truth: hold election . 
test:  clone   signal
truth:  hold   hold

test:  should not change the right virtualenv .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   python

test:  uninstall the system path .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   logs
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  compute a as a has .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the number of subtasks that have a region to each character .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  determines   number

test:  retrieve duplicate messages from current 403 provider .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   translate
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  a decorator that returns a specific permission .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  populate a dictionary with the nodes of a set of items .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  change   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  fetch information about the users metadata for the user .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  stop the gui .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  given   vms
truth:  returns   variables

test:  retrieve all db ips for the provided db .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks to see if the top-level file exists .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns the linkage distance between the linkage and original .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add the rank of a boolean to the list command .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  array   null
truth:  take   a

test:  set both the wireless interface to given ip sets global ip address .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  set   function
truth:  sets   sets

test:  every array array must be overlap .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  be   var
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  return a tuple of the words in words .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  return   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  a simple view that will been added to the client .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  list all chunks for a given host or a specific host .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   a
truth:  defined   list

test:  helper to format a color triple .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  decorate methods with this sessions to cause that update the openlabs consumption .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  checks that username exists .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns arrays for equals arrays .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  shows a version representation of a deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  is   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  returns integer limit from bootstrap or a target_update-compliant integer .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  return   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return a utc date .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a penn treebank ii tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the cors cors given a bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  add teardrop points to the points .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  add   build
truth:  equate   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  register all admin widgets for the specified admin widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  register   register

test:  more definition does multiple kwarks to multiple definition at once .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  set / add or command to the field of the field .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  renders a template with context as html .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  renders   html
truth:  render   render

test:  return x and converts to an object .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  to   x
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  validate a generated tool name .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  string   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a dict with the document data pertinent for the specified document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  return   api
truth:  null   helper

test:  renders a file as a copy of the bti summary .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   data
truth:  upload   executive

test:  combine the file into the directory .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  unzip   null

test:  use a mock reader method to return a mock object .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  mock   decorator
truth:  mock   mock

test:  verify a class exists .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   null

test:  checks that major version is major with correct specific version .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  delete a record that match the given query .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  exception   queries
truth:  query   query

test:  create symmetrical log locator with default parameters .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  test   filters
truth:  log   log

test:  takes a matrices graph from a n-dimensional graph .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return a aruba scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  write a list of commits to the system .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  list   null
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by faces .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   triangle

test:  application icon icon .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  read count 64-bit float using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  a synonym for the :meth: .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  returning   function
truth:  null   synonym

test:  print a list of dns for a domain .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   current

test:  returns a html document from db given a report report .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests that we can train a script and train it for a few network .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  use   loading
truth:  test   test

test:  internal function to format option properties .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only load this module if heat is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  return   set
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is less than integer .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code to change gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  update   variables
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the demo tracker for sensors .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  ensure   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  validate the password dictionary .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  function   validate
truth:  insures   null

test:  communication unicode .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  print   custom
truth:  null   program

test:  return a list of country time zones .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the absolute test of a pathname .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test that timeit is timeit .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   wether

test:  encode polyline .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encodes   a

test:  return true is job is disabled successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create folders .
truth: create directories . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to the sdist repository .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   sdists
truth:  build   sdists

test:  retrieve all defined attachment .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return difference between two arrays .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  function   function

test:  get shared where no values for all owner for the given user .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  list   list

test:  removes removes test cases from a flag file by its possible .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  null   details
truth:  clean   up

test:  make an array with a view that returns a itemsize .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  make   null
truth:  build   a

test:  when forwarding an title page with three junos page .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  if   handle
truth:  checks   page

test:  return the copy of f in k[x] .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  make   remove
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator that automatically call this if you are not using an api function .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  for virt only .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  null   installation
truth:  default   default

test:  gets a template variables that detects with the given code .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the normalization of the sample .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  return   data
truth:  move   move

test:  compute the path of the initial scale of a model .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  content   distribution
truth:  compute   variables

test:  check whether there is a reference to a reference point in the same way .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  test   test
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  fetches a list of all tenants to a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator implementing the given function and failure .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inject custom commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  null   null
truth:  called   null

test:  parse 1st_linear_variable_coeff .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the list of messages for the given template .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  view   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy the given document to another function .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  test that numbers are diff based on the input .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  parse   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  gets the titles information for a single titles .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  read   networks
truth:  read   read

test:  coerce value to empty strings .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  escapes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find all possible expressions of a kroneckerdelta kroneckerdelta .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  find   numbers

test:  builds the output of the specified file .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  encode a number into bytes .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a given single role for a user on a domain or domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   sin
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract field info from fused dictionary .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  form   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   data

test:  called before building the site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  read data from files with numpy format and return them as numpy arrays .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  load   components
truth:  loads   mr

test:  compute a string similarity between two vectors .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  implements   implements

test:  return a default timestamp for the given range .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  default   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $bindir .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the sid for the specified network device .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  queries   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  get all students metrics in the dicts: .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  display   information
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a varint value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   a

test:  callback for json data .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   callback

test:  returns a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a navigation navigation for use as html .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  upgrade   upgrades
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  clean up the named file .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  url   url

test:  add a offsetboxes points to the margin and lower lower and literals .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  given   polynomials
truth:  surround   ax

test:  make a remote method used by consumers .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  to   cast
truth:  to   cast

test:  assert whether the given object is equal to mask .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  etc_services   smbios_tables
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and applies it on particular color and applies the color(s) on function .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns true if the pid matches the given name .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate that the value contains an http interface .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  only load if the victorops execution module is available .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   entry
truth:  update   entry

test:  given a name and a dictionary of headers .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  replace macros tuples with the given tree indexed by its inputs in inputs .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  simplify   a
truth:  simplify   a

test:  implement text to fix a number of spaces in text .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  loops   null
truth:  text   text

test:  ensure that a vif model is present in a network variable .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  contactfield message .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  handle   api
truth:  apply   action

test:  validate the power of the given power .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  if   check

test:  run a simple callables one after the other .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  null   run
truth:  run   run

test:  bins qual position between overlay and timeouts .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  bins   bins

test:  finds and returns the first element in the given root node .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  replace a dict of c{sys license for the desired title .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  register   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up worker optimizations .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  install   install
truth:  setup   worker

test:  compare two strings and version against numerical comparison .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  calculate   version
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns an iterator over the first arbitrary element in iterable .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   iterator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a form name from a string like 7 .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fixture that fixture fixture providing a readlinebridge .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  value   input
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks x and np .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  like   like

test:  ensure that voigt is set with globally defined by using voigt .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   include
truth:  include   include

test:  test latitude validator .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   latitude

test:  parses a schema resource .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  form   iso
truth:  parse   a

test:  use this for creating a custom class with the given instance .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   register
truth:  null   method

test:  iterates over all possible indices in a list of indices .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   group

test:  return a html object of given object .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes the date .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  function   change
truth:  config   key

test:  imports an object .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  load   create
truth:  create   a

test:  convert digest date to timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  the inverse of pythons size .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  null   column
truth:  return   return

test:  tests retrieving an api .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  make   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  given a clsid .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  given   generic
truth:  get   a

test:  checks facet name is a valid repeatedly name .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   field
truth:  checks   checks

test:  recurse recurse through a flash encryption request and outputs it on both the flash and trailing bar bar .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  look   a
truth:  return   a

test:  stop a container container container id for the sk_x50_name_entry container id .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   entry
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit bit bit bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   toggle
truth:  control   control

test:  compute the new new cookie value .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  wraps a descriptor for attribute .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  plots   null
truth:  create   a

test:  updates value in the regions file .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  only add response headers to the http response .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  print   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  flatten nested nested lists into iterable .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  nested   null

test:  create a random dataset instance .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a traversal from a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure bad setv binary is compile .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert user records to trace .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  take   null

test:  compute connectivity connectivity for loaded magnitude .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   connectivity
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  registers the initialization activity function .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  to   register
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return a data dict that can be used to extract the new data in a dict .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  generate the fitness for regression tests .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  file   test
truth:  null   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  utility function: => $h$6 .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a boolean indicating whether the given function is running under the running run .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   null

test:  simulates a service to the code indicating when the request was executed .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  null   null
truth:  log   in

test:  helper to get protobuf message protobuf .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  null   message
truth:  null   helper

test:  search for text by a regular expression .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  search   searches
truth:  takes   a

test:  clears the planet .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clear   os
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the matrix atlas .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   graph

test:  adds the value to the given argument .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  go   arg
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return filtering description of a text .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  get   null
truth:  apply   html

test:  loads the libzmq executable .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   attempts
truth:  bundled   load

test:  display the current version information .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  display   -
truth:  print   databases

test:  line1 is a generalized error .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  convert some common elements of a try to some common elements .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  transforms   certificates
truth:  text   text

test:  compute number of randomly or quantiles to given number of parameters upp : variable number of observations df_modelwc : scalar number of parameters upp : variable number of to be
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  allow   values
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a scipy .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  convert   a

test:  use use to sign a blob for blobstore .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  signs   a

test:  this returns the style style name .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   null

test:  return a status from a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a composites fh file .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  view to filter over a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  check if server server is enabled on a given host and port .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  create config and update config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  generate a list of events to render all events in a given array .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  create   add
truth:  null   event

test:  return a test suite for each test suite .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  print the output of the nest to the given display .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  print   display
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level implementation of hermite polynomials of the 1st kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  tests the behaviour of rshiftequal values .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  define   verifies
truth:  make   a

test:  activate a user cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  set   null
truth:  change   change

test:  updates a new map .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  update   update
truth:  change   change

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the id of the instance .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  return   update
truth:  describe   null

test:  explicitly not throw an exception on a dict and exception .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  to   configuration
truth:  perform   a

test:  store an object in the specified bank .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  format   in
truth:  store   information

test:  calculate distorted box for a given image .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  create   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  checks to see if email is a valid email address .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  url   strip
truth:  checks   checks

test:  adds a mapping attribute to be package .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  json handler for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  this is a proxy function to create and returns a response .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   temporary

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   helper
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the given name is a uri for a uri .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  return   validates
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  generate the k k with a vector of matrices .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decrypts a string and return the base64 encoded data .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decodes   return
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  set up the payments sensor .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  return shared information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  builds the display spec for the pyglet specified .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieves the configuration shed .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  given   null
truth:  function   function

test:  roll back any ongoing transactions and clean the dirty flag .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  set   set
truth:  resets   a

test:  simple sort of latex text .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  convert   prefix
truth:  create   a

test:  test reading of inverse data .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  plots   mne
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  context manager to temporarily add a given directory to the path .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  adding   context

test:  returns the contents of a given file .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   attempts

test:  main function to register a datacenter .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  let   null

test:  converts a timestamp into a timestamp .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a sm backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  set   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  srensendice dice .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  content   coefficient
truth:  null   null

test:  create a process that created a bucket .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert none to an argument .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove the given content and all associated instance paths .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  null   database
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud dns dns .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a blob from file .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  are   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  which a repository has been distribution for the application to store the latest file from a specified changeset file .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to resolve a code code and returns the content code .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  extracts and returns a list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  test   string
truth:  tests   tests

test:  block the current power to see if it has been reached .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  set   set
truth:  request   power

test:  loads a user in the given path .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  load   page
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a show id and returns a id_3 formatted string .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  read the plain text using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   count
truth:  count   count

test:  create a glance metadata for the specified volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  create   glance
truth:  update   update

test:  test that a trivial example is connected .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a blaze expression to latex with a latex form .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   expression

test:  return the free space in the system .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  return   query
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  get the pants version of the pants version .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  return   updates
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add the file or directory to the current engine engine directory .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  syspath a cache device only to cache them .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  merges two dictionaries .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  nested   merge

test:  show a file of cpan .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  list   a
truth:  enter   null

test:  modified uniquely identifier for a given string .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  strip additional keys from all additional patterns .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  return   handle
truth:  strip   strip

test:  create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fixture providing a enterprise .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  downloads   redirect
truth:  configure   class

test:  string with its the same characters as any null character in a dictionary .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  string   string
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  extract information from a cookie instance .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  given   a

test:  for a pythonpath one of its parents .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  base   a
truth:  null   a

test:  render a template with its callable as context .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  markdown   markup
truth:  create   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  evaluate the low-level value of u symbol u .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  select   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  wrap a nested graph in a nested format .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  to   iterator

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a string of vat vat .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   seconds
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the geometric conj between a and b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   relation

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new dictionary .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define a form for a basket variable and populates it in a basket variable .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  solves lap_sparse x_i = b_i for each variable in the given expression .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  reduce   string
truth:  null   a

test:  test performance of saturation function .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   optimization
truth:  color   color

test:  return an iterator over all errback and non-sqlite the exceptions .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check that two .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  build a yaml table string for opentype os/2 tables .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  allow texts and convert it to a response .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  creates   response
truth:  mock   mock

test:  returns a form of a form with the name and fields to query .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  return   data
truth:  get   get

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  null   course
truth:  null   mode

test:  iterates over the options .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  check   check
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel fail .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  test   pip

test:  a function to make a temporary directory for testing the path .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  to   function

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   field
truth:  return   field

test:  set a given text to a file .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  insert   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the sha256 hash of a given string .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the named user is present in the password .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get files paths by the file .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  fetch and decode the given http header .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  issues   json
truth:  put   put

test:  calculates the value of the minimum value along an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  value   null
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  check if a value is less than other than other than other .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a scenario matches with tags should respond with tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  read -> string return the contents of a file in data format .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  read   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns a boolean reflecting a sorted list of pairs .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  split   null
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz4 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  we must display the template .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  display   wrapper
truth:  -   -

test:  fetches all ratings for the given exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  construct a list of inorder traces to a local node .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  stack   completion
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of untrash .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  view   view
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for cinder qos to appear as as a new qos .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  trivial   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  produces a set of input tuples and log them in the attribute .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return the size of the device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   size

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns one or more units that are independent by units .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  return   order
truth:  get   get

test:  list all projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  destroy the provider fw record .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test that initializing from an sample function .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a zero indexed path to a 3d one .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require a opkg package to be uninstalled .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  runs the django application .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  install   django

test:  generate config dict for pyglet pyglet .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  link   configuration
truth:  set   gl

test:  given a string like the current working directory .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  file   get
truth:  check   check

test:  attributes attributes for deprecated .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  encode a unicode string using utf-8 .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  encode   string
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the app engine .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  adds   configure
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  helper to make sure a theano variable w3af_profiling this value is valid .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  check   values
truth:  check   number

test:  check if an array is over to limit .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  usage   usage

test:  observations observations of a 1d matrix .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  draw   signal
truth:  null   version

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  validates if a string is a color .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  s   s
truth:  return   a

test:  return frame frame object for debugging .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should extract a step definition into a step structure .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  return width and height height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the name of a file in a suffix file .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  number of bits in binary representation of the input vectors .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  return   array
truth:  display   n

test:  return sentence or zipfile chunks of sentence or zipfile chunks .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  normalize a pack version in pack to a pack version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  format   version
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a new guppy tuple .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  setup the mqtt sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  generate a random length of the unquoted .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   build
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the pid of a given module .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  null   directory
truth:  to   try

test:  get the path to the directory .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  only normal values from the string .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  null   junit
truth:  null   manager

test:  insert data to a returner process .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   copies
truth:  return   data

test:  build the url from the article .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  setup cover controlled by shell commands .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   cover
truth:  setup   setup

test:  release a grayscale .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  turn   lock
truth:  release   release

test:  wrap a function with a given template and returns its output .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  render   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate a network or raise if it does not exist .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   a

test:  renders a plain text as trait or page .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type 17 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  remove the virtual environment .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set the value of a given variable in the make .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  object   set
truth:  function   function

test:  run a command on the local file .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  file   data
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the manifest by dir from a specified package in a directory .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  get   manifest
truth:  null   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends session .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns a string representation of the closest date .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  shows cohort discussion discussion category .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  null   topics
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the yadis path as a text string .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns acl info as fall-back .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  project   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  take a list of results and a single string .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  is   parse
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure getfacl & setfacl exist .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  ensure   load
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch an image from the given image context .
truth: grab image . 
test:  fetch   image
truth:  grab   image

test:  use the template to send a dpid to the next page .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  check   topics
truth:  sends   a

test:  reset a bounce server on the local node .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   traffic
truth:  bounce   null

test:  undo the event .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  rms   move
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a convenience function to create a new randomized query .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  make   create
truth:  make   a

test:  get all column names from a superset file .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   type
truth:  null   type

test:  calculate the minimum intervals of an interval .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  sample   filter
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  retrieves the value of a deprecated option .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  retrieves   branch
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to a onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  compute square-free functions of f and a set of items .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  request   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  set the minimum retcode status .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  produce a colorbar for hlc and produce spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  make   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  calculates the memory setting for a given setting .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  to   event
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  test a quantity at a quantity of type .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the service is configured .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  make an expected bar .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  check   check

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  function   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  try to make sure string is a valid string .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  string   cast
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return the leading coeffcient of f in x_0 .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  return   use
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a returns allocated array allocated to shared memory .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  works like :func:has_request_context but for the current request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  like   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a grid of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   taxes
truth:  create   a

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  takes a key .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convenience wrapper with the mathml mathml .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  add   test
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  this should be overriden in a windowing environment if drawing should be done in interactive python mode .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   performance

test:  return a list of the current ascii files .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  walk up the path and the files in the given directory .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  function   directory
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the fingerprint of a device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  skip a test if denied isnt present in the sigint decorator .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  view   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove leading zeros from f .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  deprecated   f
truth:  include   include

test:  return a list of python objects for this convenience function .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  decide a byte array using a very character .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of images .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the arma process with arma correlation coefficient and ma parameters ar : float value of lagpolynomial returns arma : float value of the batches .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  this function loads and adds social apps to the command-line .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  setup   place
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new ssh to match the host and port .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  null   method
truth:  to   method

test:  default default style style connection objects .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  set   set
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a feature string has scenarios .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   feature

test:  pick a list of compatible [root]for .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  return   root

test:  returns true if the object has a permission or permission .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  coerce a code to a rule .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an image to a layer .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   dataset
truth:  return   return

test:  return the first zoneinfo file to use .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  cache   cache

test:  n-dimensional loss .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  null   loss
truth:  adds   null

test:  compute sample convolution function for independent kernel .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  null   version
truth:  return   inverse

test:  set the group module if the kernel is sunos .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the backups inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  estimate information criterion of distfitmc parameters distr : distribution data for which the loglikelihood is calculated by the ratio ratio .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  sample   compare
truth:  run   run

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  return the directory that the current processs system .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   os
truth:  return   current

test:  test with n n .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   values

test:  scan for a getlines file and returns the contents of the given filename .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  memoized   null
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set new subtitle file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   new

test:  ask the p4 for a pipe .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  performs   read
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  convert a port number to the cpu seconds .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   redirects
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a unique class for a given name .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  import and return the module as deprecated .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  cossim the similarity distance .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  null   product
truth:  return   cosine

test:  set up & run a publisher to an existing file-like object .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  project   up
truth:  return   return

test:  accepts a directory or a directory and an optional private key .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  tests gmail folders when flags have flags we can labeled labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  concatenate text into html .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the logger for the current thread .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  get   usage
truth:  provides   null

test:  send emails to inform observers about the specified email address .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  sends   email
truth:  renders   null

test:  truncate the characters in the given number of characters .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  to   return
truth:  null   a

test:  modify the mode for the device .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a list of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only can be used to provide reproducible strings from a dictionary of variable .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  converts   version
truth:  null   word

test:  creates a directory like dst .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   directories

test:  turns a kegg file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  computes the jacard of two arrays .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  set the learning value .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  serialize object using a binary string reference .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  unicode   string
truth:  object   object

test:  return the name of the current package .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  name   in
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a certificate from a file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  post to create a resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  to   put
truth:  to   post

test:  generate the sql hash digest .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  generates shared shared rows from the theano integer .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  initialize   a

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   file
truth:  file   file

test:  simulate memory at a function .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  simulate   a

test:  converts a row and a separator definition to a tuple .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  given   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  returns the string as a static file .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  set the subprocess .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  blend the two images .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  set   training
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a composite code that ignores extra messages .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  lists   function
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: pathignore this plugin allows you to provide the build for any build .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a formatted string of the current device .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  creates message with open apps and adds new message to open ip addresses .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  build   a

test:  set the trace of the trace to start from the frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  debugging   debugging
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup virtualenv for the path environment .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  compile a dataset of last data along a dataset .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  modified   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  returns the descendants of the descendants of the given depth .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a query given an object .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert utc :class:~datetime in utc to a decimal string .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart all registered httpd .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  generate a table of destination objects .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read data into a file .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  read   data
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  extract the first page joined from the page string .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  extract   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  handle the "where should i go next?" part of comment views .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  redirect   null
truth:  cut   cut

test:  confine this module to mac os with macports .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  verifies that the roles is present in the target dictionary .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  context   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that a column name is small when .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a shell-like pattern .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   names
truth:  get   names

test:  make sure the test passes with the given message .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  construct   test
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a rule to the switch .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  formats   metadata
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a new undirected representation of the cobbler cube .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  returns   dictionary
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric value to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  takes the current connection and returns a reliable string .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  pack   expand
truth:  pack   pack

test:  checks if a git sha is a valid hash .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return a valid size string .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  null   invariant

test:  plots plot .
truth: table plot . 
test:  make   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  reshape shape of a complex matrix to a specified rank .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  function   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this is a advanced advanced advanced here to perform some cone chunk .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  null   null
truth:  post   post

test:  add a figure to the matrix exponential in a given driver .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  display   display

test:  calculates the harmonic mean along an array .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  estimate   returns
truth:  sums   elements

test:  returns whether the specified category is the specified category category .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish real-time command .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  null   -
truth:  to   null

test:  return the md5 hmac hmac hash of a given sha hash .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  update   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  a generator for creating new directory and all its lines .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return whether the argument is a bytestring .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  a context manager that writes a file to a given python source .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  follow   a

test:  checks that the given locale have a given name .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  files   files

test:  create a list of attributes for those tuples .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  build   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  restart a container container container container container container container timeout timeout id timeout cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   a

test:  the decorator to run in the currently note that the currently note that the currently loaded in the command .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  function   input
truth:  return   parallel

test:  generate the hash with the private key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  compute   pull
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the versions of a namespace .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  builds a dictionary mapping using: ids to the inverse of each inverse .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   a

test:  given a dict and a result from a mapbox and a mapbox .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  translate   input
truth:  given   one

test:  update or add resource configuration file in dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  search the user keys .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  return   -
truth:  search   keys

test:  remove one or more jobs from a job queue .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   helper
truth:  clear   background

test:  delete a calendar record .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  delete   commit
truth:  delete   delete

test:  lists available locales cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  retrieves the number between epoch and epoch for a epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls active function .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   decorator

test:  servicerecord view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  register a view function to allow use for a node .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  removes   identifiers
truth:  display   display

test:  return a list of connection names a particular cursor .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  return   return

test:  see scaling .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  attributes   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a random string of bytes_length characters .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  send edit .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  clear   pip
truth:  file   file

test:  return a string representation of a given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  return   a
truth:  desired   get

test:  return a g_{n with redirection nodes and redirection source .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the unicode encoding given by encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  get   get

test:  build a results list of validation otus .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  view   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the host name for this request .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  zero order polynomial regression model .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  solve   order
truth:  order   order

test:  parses a date string in the format of a date string .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  create a recordsensor network .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the versioned id for a resource .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generates generates imagenet of image cost to label .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  function   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create an alternate string based on partial ret and all partial matches .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  given   null
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  get the command line arguments from the command line and return the arguments .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  build   command
truth:  supports   null

test:  returns a dict containing the unfulfilled content in the given course content for the given user and xblock .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  write out configuration files .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  setup   html
truth:  setup   docs

test:  returns a value prepared to the database connection object .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  constructs and returns a client instance .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the first number of the number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  token   token

test:  get the fast version of sklearn tv .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  return   tree
truth:  get   get

test:  validate and verifies a string .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  fix the attribute dictionary .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  replaces   fix
truth:  converts   payload

test:  convert a dict of items to a list of dicts .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  recursively convert a given value to a cyclic pattern .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  do   a
truth:  search   a

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  read curvature number of curvature [] .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  reads   content
truth:  load   in

test:  returns true if any of the xml-safe matches the given expression .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  indicates   a
truth:  using   filter

test:  parses a r2 vector returns: 8bit .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  create a databases cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   principal

test:  shifted polynomial of the first kind .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  computes   sample
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return a decorator that checks if the app is present on the current app .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  return   matching
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  create all tables for all tables .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  generate a unique identifier and returns a basic guid .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if text is a pkiz token .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  itemfield view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  displays   view
truth:  display   display

test:  resolve a dictionary on any single nodes in a dictionary .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  mangle mako loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  null   kill
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options and global .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  general api .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  s   import
truth:  merges   video

test:  this function is called by the variation .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   initializer

test:  a little helper to check if a complex struct is a complex identifier .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  allow   test
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the values of a specific device .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse authorization grant header and return a dict of authorization .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that adds _addmessagemethods() to the context .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   variant

test:  called on source code .
truth: helper function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports reports for given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  collect context for html .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  returns a tuple of matching parameters from the os netvisor .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  the function for probability density function .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  function   function

test:  principal the observed line page .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  return   back
truth:  normalize   a

test:  check if header is present .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  calculate   check
truth:  return   return

test:  get the complex instance for the instance .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that requires a user to access a request .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  adds   checks
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a hash for database with a hash for database .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of custom models for the given app .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  filtering   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  return a dictionary with the state grouped by status code .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  given   return
truth:  map   map

test:  return the language path for locale .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  guess   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the executor modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the candidate information for every app .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  create   polynomial
truth:  generate   a

test:  alias for write_local: writes the local cache as the local cache .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  converts a json node to a corresponding date .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  convert   remove
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a numpy integer to a sympy integer .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  replace   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  we want to deactivate a user .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  wrapper for locations .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   storage

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains iterable detail detail .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  trunc -> integer return the time as a datetime object .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  return   strategy
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  extracts package name from "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  see discussion .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  test   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  set a subsets in the logical location to be created .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  creates a file in the given number of bits .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  creates   calling
truth:  create   create

test:  register a person storage backend .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  register   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  test creating a release to release .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  filter   run
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   limit
truth:  limit   limit

test:  encodes string to utf-8 and does not contain any null characters .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  to   try

test:  callback for showing the animation .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  called   reset
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by millisecond .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   datetime
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  shutdown a system .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns a charts that implements the lowers lowers to use the menu class .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  wraps   set
truth:  null   a

test:  list versions given by name .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  list renderers for all renderers .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a __kind__ key to a key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  return   null
truth:  translate   a

test:  get a list of security groups to use .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the preferred time zone time zone .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  override system .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  creates   base
truth:  url   url

test:  return an adapter adapter name .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  list all available sizes on the master .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   cloud

test:  returns de and opattern for provided groups .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  base   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of the terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the maximum number of passwordpageviewrestrictionform associated with the given context .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clean up the module .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  start   signal
truth:  debug   debug

test:  ignores a specific process .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  process   function
truth:  run   program

test:  make sure a file is a valid encoding .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  text   asserts
truth:  creates   a

test:  print a diff in a given diff .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  prints   prints

test:  loads a module and retrieve the imp class .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alternative

test:  check that indices to macros length and ipv6 length .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns true if obj is iterable and contains iterable .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  determine whether the given kevent is a refresh value .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config folder for this application .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  capture   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a intersection of the graph that exist in g .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  completely clear svnfs repos .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  local pop of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  pops   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add new course enrollment to the list of existing course enrollment .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  add   sync
truth:  append   course

test:  read names with col names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  test   input
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of all matches found in the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to each of the devices and mocking .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  to   parameters
truth:  set   set

test:  converts numpy dtype to a numpy type .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  powers   powers

test:  limit summary of a summary of a given state .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   check
truth:  display   a

test:  add pillar units to the unit specified in the context .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  add   null
truth:  to   null

test:  runs the python source with an initial status .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  run   run
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return the path to the app .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  base64 decodes a string using base64 .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  find the first half of the 2 subject .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  null   account
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize logging .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  init   init

test:  test that can be run as a test directory .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  ensure   implementation
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns a decorator that converts a function into a class instance .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace replace .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  to   hook
truth:  to   hook

test:  find the machine by name and collect all the given process .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the first child data node .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  validate a series expansion and is not a series .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  encodes string to utf-8 and then bytes .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  forces   utf-8
truth:  string   string

test:  bilinear transformation of series ar with coefficients .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  splitting   use
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  return an interactive deprecation interactive interactive interactive headers .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  write   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  del the named broadcast .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data for empty serie interpolation .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  clears the review review .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  convert integer indices to list of shape .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  generate   generate

test:  retrieves the full client id from the scope for the given scope .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  looks up a byte string .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  list all python modules .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the fourier sequence in fourier expansion of a sequence .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  solves   columns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct contingency matrix and labels .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  is   a
truth:  build   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that are shown .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  combines the elements of a list into a tuple .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  convert real matrices into groebner format .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  null   views
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the default token for the given token to generate the access token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split the arguments .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  split   a

test:  returns the filename of the db .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  function   null
truth:  send   send

test:  pull groups to a group .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extend the list of plugins .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  retrieves information about the given image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   information
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract all egg from a referenceproperty file .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  provide a *rules object for each row in the given expression .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  return   proxy
truth:  result   result

test:  install an undirected loop of gi .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  test   install
truth:  import   import

test:  sends user to servicecommandgenerator .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   auto

test:  select the version number for a version of version .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  polygon   null
truth:  get   get

test:  short version of divmod .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   get

test:  check virtualbox additions additions additions .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  compute the icrv sum of a polynomial .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  divide all coefficients by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  computes   multiplication
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  update weekly stats for the given user on the given log creator .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  update   update
truth:  save   statistics

test:  differentiate polynomial irreducibility examples .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  construct   metadata
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse parameters .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  negate efficiently polynomials in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  null   f
truth:  make   null

test:  test download exit status code when blank requirements .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  null   install
truth:  download   download

test:  geometric average mean between prediction and other prediction .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  take   null

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  get an adapter adapter .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  combine two words of docstrings inside docstrings docstrings .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  transform   remove
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decode base64 base64 encoded string .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  using   decoder

test:  return a list of email addresses found in an format string .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a memoize decorator that ignores results and cert_file results in a function .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  memoize   a
truth:  is   null

test:  shows a profile .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  displays   view
truth:  render   render

test:  gompertz batch batch batch columns based on 3 using risch .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  finds   part
truth:  null   vectors

test:  initialize the demo column .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initializes   null

test:  get the import entrypoint migration .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a simple wrapper for the log file .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  log   null
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  assign a random id to view .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  assign   normalization
truth:  return   return

test:  resets the database to default .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  reset   runs
truth:  running   running

test:  resolve an encoding to a given encoding .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  force   return
truth:  return   return

test:  stop a sequence of valid seconds .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  initialize   stop
truth:  compose   null

test:  get all api keys for a given api id cli example: .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  list   info
truth:  gets   information

test:  takes a list of dicts and returns a dictionary of those strings .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  function   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  project id of inverse .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  checks the coefficient of the input array .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the nth moment of the lower attribute of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize a locale for a specific locale .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  normalize   current
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  retrieve   nd
truth:  use   nd

test:  return a large indexing indexer .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   chunk

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if matplotlib version is installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass in py2 & py3 this code snippet is copied from six .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  craft a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  validate that namespace by comparing character in the given position name .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the configuration options for this specific type .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the scalars is a effects .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if two token are superfluous .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compare   a

test:  create a new flask response object .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  turn   data
truth:  null   factory

test:  retrieve connection information from catalog .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  write   a
truth:  get   service

test:  takes a date and returns a datetime .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  remove a resource from the specified zone .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  use this to connect to a namespace name .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  handler for term() .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a request to the post api .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  make   a
truth:  send   a

test:  takes a specific grimoire tooltips object generated in the test .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  rebuild   a
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like data source .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   tixexfileselectbox
truth:  null   null

test:  set the logging .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  set   set
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error is raised with a single ratio .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  insert a scala into the database .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  files   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  watching   start
truth:  watching   null

test:  setup the zigbee component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  indentation   indentation
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return a groups activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the command line part of an image file .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the path to the module .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  truncate a number of w .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  truncate   return
truth:  truncate   window

test:  remove the named file .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run markdown .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  parse   logging
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  reset keyboard cost to debconf .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   current

test:  return a list of paths parent directory .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  list   matching
truth:  strip   a

test:  optional optional whisper to provide a human readable level .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  unicode   use
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  runs a command and send it to the console .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return a list of all the volume pools in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  download an s3 object from s3 pool .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   filters
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  outputs   one

test:  return the number of variance values for a given vector .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  compute confusion matrix decomposition of model .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  load   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific login login method .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a uuid .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  bayesian information criterion or schwarz criterion parameters sum : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of the loglikelihood in the multivariate case .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  null   error
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   null

test:  filters conv - filters - filters - filters - filters - filters - filters filters filters with filters .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  takes   run
truth:  -   -

test:  build a class from a remote document .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  builds   shortcut
truth:  create   create

test:  setup a the function configuration .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  returns   multiple
truth:  setup   setup

test:  uploads a file to the bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml kmz .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  key for the repository should be empty .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  using   repositories
truth:  null   key

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  returns a key function for the function .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  retrieves the local ip address for the given target target value .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the list of unique elements that are in the given string .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  computes   test
truth:  turn   null

test:  load *plugins plugins and list of plugins .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  named   load

test:  email some emails .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  have   user
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  read data from an invalid data .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  return   null
truth:  read   read

test:  decorator to simplify catching exceptions by charts and registering its object .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  null   method
truth:  have   null

test:  test for commutativity of and and or .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns a string of positive integers .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  verifies that the given string is present .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes the message to a temporary file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  write   start
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check if a continuous query is already exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  given the mailchimp endpoint .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  null   check
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   server
truth:  return   version

test:  find ellipse player .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  hash   instance
truth:  draws   null

test:  clear and stores a users rate limit to the given user .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  create   problem
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all the metadata for a given user id and course id .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  list the installed versions of ruby cli example: .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file names matching a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return information on a specific interface cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  convert array to the smallest grid of the array .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  function   maps
truth:  create   a

test:  interface to the s3 directory .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  like   delete
truth:  create   a

test:  perform a ring migration to the *populations* .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  set   null
truth:  using   migration

test:  unpickle -h calls parsing .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  function   items
truth:  extracts   information

test:  load drivers from db .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  load   generic
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   tests

test:  fixture that generates a custom table with the sqlite content .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   fixture

test:  return a waffle code that should be used for the given project .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   python

test:  this will return the current message in a response .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  use   use

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  given   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a new instance group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  equation wrapper .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  looks to see if features is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  annotate a list of full component .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  annotate   a
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers list and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  determine if a point is inside another paths .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  recursively resolve all the anno and prs .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  given   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  return a template object for the given template name .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  return   return
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a dictionary from a key/value pair .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  prepares   dict
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  takes a single paragraph value and returns a dict with key as a string .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  given   index
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the cholesky of the boolean array .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  works   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check whether there is a bracketregion .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  verifies   helper
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a double integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  read ros handshake handshake header and return the mime handshake .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  read   lines
truth:  read   in

test:  logs out dcos .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  use   check
truth:  logout   logout

test:  get the primary code at offset from the source string .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   source
truth:  return   python

test:  default implementation of _thread .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  default   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the xpath statement is xpath .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  get http requests .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  merge dicts from one dict or more dictionaries into another dictionary .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute contents of a folder and return a dictionary-like contents .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  given   a

test:  encode a string using base16 .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a cookiejar dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  stores entities entities and stores them in the datastore entities .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  delete   entities
truth:  stored   null

test:  initialize the console logging .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  return a dictionary of the ipy that is ipython for ipython .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  build   build
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  string   remove
truth:  value   value

test:  get a single fileserver fileserver function from a whitespaces .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a given xml .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a fully-qualified model class based on the model and the model class .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  runs the functions and installs them .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  ensure   compare
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a list of the user that exist in the given startup directory .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test source amplitude amplitude source info .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  enable the use of microsites during the startup script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the shortcut of a mysql public name .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return url without the larger .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  retrieve authenticated user information .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  get volume types by name .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to output status info on stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the demo calendar platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of all blocks of the sequence .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  wrap   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  test density with bistochastic .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  test   start
truth:  check   check

test:  return the full data about the data .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  train a model .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  train   return
truth:  loads   null

test:  decorator to wait for a method to become a handler .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  encode stashed characters .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  replaces   compute
truth:  extract   null

test:  add an episode to the type of the y audit operator .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if url should be considered to mask .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  url   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns a list of valid mentions from the provided string .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  find   find

test:  calculate the backoff backoff backoff over the policy .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  null   timeout

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  finds the source and mathml coordinates of data .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  run   existance
truth:  finds   null

test:  test the selected line option .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   line

test:  register a command .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  create   egg
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a proxied image url to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of elements of entries of seq[i] .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the maximum number of nodes in a list .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  list   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of file names of the given folder .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  find the cover page to match the given opf and version .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compile a regular expression trees based on its argument .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   prints
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the current api version cli example: .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  retrieve   media
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of all package directories for a given package .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   replace
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  map the validation number to a validation number .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  get   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  convert a value to float .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  function   return
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  samples   student
truth:  compute   information

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  compare partitions with baseline components .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the quota class for a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  save the stats to the given migration .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  return   memory
truth:  save   migration

test:  this function is used to add a pipeline to a command .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  input   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get latest document info .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  checks if the file has a protocol .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  cleans out headers and data from a docker status .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  closes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  monkey-patch the ast node to make sure it easier to a <script> expression .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  send e-mail when a e-mail is created .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  build   null
truth:  send   send

test:  measure the whole estimator of the whole input .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  test   runtime
truth:  measure   measure

test:  when a single file object has been reached .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  redirect to a namespace .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  null   urls

test:  validate and format an http response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  validates   content
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute log probability of x as a log probability distribution .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypts text using the ssh ssh key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  call   text
truth:  text   text

test:  get flask flask configuration object from a graphviz file .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  test   test

test:  default inbox inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  index   messages
truth:  received   messages

test:  returns true/false whether a user has staff to decrypt .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the configuration is available .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns whether the given backend is enabled for this backend .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  parses the flocker task into a distribution .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  capture   shortcut
truth:  return   return

test:  register non-default function .
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  task add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert two or more callables into their symbol .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered and height .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   a

test:  check if the cuda produce a cudandarray .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  test   check
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a number into a naive dict .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a binary string to bytes .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  incoming   text
truth:  string   string

test:  returns the sqeuclidean dot product of two boolean arrays .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   test
truth:  computes   null

test:  checks the plugin path to see if it is present .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  set   read
truth:  null   plugins

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available or not .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  modify a badge if a user has completed every owner .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  context   context

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a working group .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   puids
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 spaces to prints to stdout .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  require project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   bar
truth:  require   foo

test:  add the state to the folder .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  gets a list of file names from a list of results .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  we must allow the user to log .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   page

test:  display the redirects to the redirects .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  redirect   redirect
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy for exposed whose methods are exposed by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if filename may be instantiated .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check that a anchor has a anchor .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  read   check
truth:  reads   html

test:  check if object is a tuple .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  helper method to bind parameters to strings .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  sums   parameters
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the identity nodes of a given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  flow_stmt : small_stmts newline | small_stmts semicolon newline .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   stmt
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  sends score to update score .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  send   waits
truth:  create   create

test:  get the elements of the list .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate an iterator over a sequence .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  like   itertools

test:  encode cert given cert using jose .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  return we want to use with false .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  null   check
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on whether or not the given view .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  n-dimensionally the elementwise sigmoid function for randomly activation function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  calculates   generic
truth:  cross   cross

test:  set the path to the path .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  options nit : int .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  get instance flavor by sm id .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  only load this module if all imports succeeded bin exists .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute <= the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function to check the list of question for the given question in the order of their actions .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  check if the named service is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  get the maximum principal x .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  check if no support is at rpm_path .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  null   os
truth:  make   null

test:  cleans up the given pyrex to the named container .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test riak .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  check   test
truth:  runs   a

test:  explicitly import a module as deprecated .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  import   content
truth:  null   null

test:  uses the shell client to load a partial one .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  return   -
truth:  load   load

test:  enable a string .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  converts   transform
truth:  encode   encode

test:  list all packages .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  function   function

test:  read a files stored in the contents of a file .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  return   fn
truth:  read   read

test:  transform multiple tuples into one big dict .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  named   add

test:  sends email to a recipient task .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  sends   email
truth:  context   context

test:  return the factorize element in iterables .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a binary tag to a rpm image tag .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  return the heap heap .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  return   properties
truth:  download   download

test:  try to determine if the node is a tuple .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  check   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clear any global state in the way .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  update   update

test:  get unique index from the word .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if flags is update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an argument .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  print a string to the given format and return the associated format .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  execute a hadoop command .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  return   a
truth:  command   command

test:  newton sum of a single degree distribution .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  return   transform
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the path to the widget .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   map
truth:  return   return

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  execute   metagenomeseqs
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  computes the paired manhattan distances between x and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  proxies -> update graph with unequal client presses : int the hosts to be converted to go .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  array   null
truth:  to   null

test:  this test should be structure for a setting with a setting value .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  returns true if the logarithm of a iterable object is iterable .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a string that can be used to sysctl the execution of a given oid .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  compute tensor of 4d of two labels .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  calculate   helper
truth:  pads   null

test:  dump the summary of the pcap pcap .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  write   a

test:  determine if a procedure is a gcode text .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  similar to tornado .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  if spam spam .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  receives a temporary repository to the repository from the repository .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  show   register
truth:  apply   apply

test:  convert an image into network inputs and rois .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return an iterable of sleep objects for each predicate .
truth: like common . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  like   like

test:  execute the command .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure a given launch asg .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a integer to required by replacing all the methods in a list .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  to   set
truth:  generates   a

test:  table with a symmetric .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  null   check
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  check that unicode .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  null   exceptions
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns a sorted copy of rows from a cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  work   work

test:  view showing the cookies .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  wrap   redirect
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a string like an array of log options .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  parse   one
truth:  parses   a

test:  this is a helper to be a new boundary that is a ldap connector .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  adds a queue with firebase note that the current note is free .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  updates a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  get vector3 path output .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts a string to a native string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  solves the parametrized quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a resource_type type for the given name and type .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the title or url from a url .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  return   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a dict of providers providers .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  return   format
truth:  get   get

test:  create a spatially and return if a tenant already exists .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an image id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sends an xml element to the inner datastore .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  null   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the message name emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   vlc
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  parse a network details into its string .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   network
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   template_complex
truth:  template   template

test:  pipelineloader a resource type by its identifier .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  function   file
truth:  get   resource

test:  recursively recursively recursively recursively removes the files and all its contents .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  normalize the file .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return hosts and set tests as a dictionary of hosts .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  get   hosts
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a port in a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add to threads from the last location from the last location from the last location .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  switch branch to branch dialog .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  stop   frappe
truth:  switch   switch

test:  shuts down the system .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  send a delete request to the specified object .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  send   a

test:  helper function that returns true if the given esi .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  view returning the denied message .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to get a list of all user objects .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get files recursively which have the file type .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   publisher

test:  returns true if g has a distance network .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a tab graph .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  create   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls the user this decorator .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  verifies that the gpg text file out the last trust .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  ensure   verifies
truth:  verify   a

test:  n-dimensional geometric transform using a given geometric mapping .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if key exists .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  to   check

test:  rename transcripts .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  renames   attempts
truth:  copies   copies

test:  this function takes the response and fetch and returns a json response .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a key/value pair in the etcd service .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  create a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  adds the current handler to mark up processing .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  retrieve fixed ip address on a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  null   a

test:  direct a set of whitespace to be created using a jedi operator to c space .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  create gl basics backend for certain gl .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   gl
truth:  create   app

test:  generate a set of sequences of overlapping cleaned_data .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   strip
truth:  generate   generate

test:  modify the pillar .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  test that an object is named correctly after the test completes .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  override   a
truth:  yields   a

test:  convert a time in seconds to a human readable format .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  yields tuples of combining combining - if the given directory is a generator .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  iterate   file
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get disk counters .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  change   return
truth:  return   disk

test:  make a directory .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  make a middleware that validates the request and episode .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  make   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process paths by side loop .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a dictionary with notifications and any of the notifications from the notifications .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  return   return

test:  loads an object given its absolute object name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   get
truth:  object   object

test:  decorator to use automatic memoization on the given implementation .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a list of datastores to use .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  null   in
truth:  get   current

test:  returns true if all column characters are all in the same order .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  reverse   implementation
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders the template and fires the template .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  test that "page" image can be loaded .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  null   null
truth:  =   =

test:  return list of sum associated with a meter .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert attribute name into a list of strings .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  start geonode .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  start   post
truth:  run   run

test:  usage: lx decode-url fields .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  display   display

test:  efficiently return a set of x .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  obtains   returns
truth:  get   tris

test:  school restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  create listeners on a virtual association .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   listeners
truth:  create   listeners

test:  returns: the callback callback .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  like   file
truth:  create   create

test:  test transformations of discrete lyapunov .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check that a string is a valid precision .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  use   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator that caches the function .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  wrap   exception
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a popen process in popen .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  find and return the supplied file .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user to database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  add   a

test:  wait for the element to be either the present element or the web .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clears the registry .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  makes sure the egl has been seeded successfully .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  is   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a set of bytes in classified format .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  write   summary
truth:  generate   generate

test:  execute a python module in a separate fashion .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  merges a running system .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  handle   merge
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  given a class .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets all fixed ips from a virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  fixed   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  resolve an mro entry in a model class and a model class .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  resolve   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  register keystoneclient connection .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  url-encodes all characters in a given payload tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  null   space
truth:  converts   converts

test:  warn whether the nonexistent nonexistent files are not met .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  receive a service in the service .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes a grep line .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  called   null

test:  return paths for bucket .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  returns   paths

test:  retrieves the grains from the proxy device if not running .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an unused port on localhost on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a copy of dictionaries from a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  split a path into a drive path .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  splits   file
truth:  get   get

test:  instantiate a direct client and returns a new at(1) .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a ternary value into a ternary and the corresponding representation .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  value   value

test:  provide bound fields for a resource uri .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  return   return

test:  evaluate a blaze expression to a subject expression .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  requires   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  starts the platform for rendering the current page .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  press   null
truth:  start   start

test:  return the list of *locale codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a migration or raise if it does not exist .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  check to make sure arrays are properly 2d array with equal values .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   rechunking
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  instantiates a hash and returns the key .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  add a comment to the end of "information_schema" .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  replace   =
truth:  complete   null

test:  depending on commandline code .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  function   one
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  create a new private server and all privileges to an home certificate in a given desktop .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  test downloads an ip file .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  creates   point
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the prefix for the given user type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the cdf of the cdf .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vector decorrelation between vectors decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  null   size
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  convert a numpy array into a numpy array .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  provide out an event for a get_html .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  send   usage
truth:  emit   events

test:  test unicode axes option .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  complete xonfig xonfig prefix .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  null   string
truth:  null   completion

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   shortcut
truth:  ask   null

test:  prediction unlock unlock .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses a port description and returns a tuple .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  import and return a module to a module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  import   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  input a theano variable t and returns the appropriate date .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  if   decodes
truth:  value   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  re-using a list of python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  searches   python

test:  returns true if p is an imdb .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the user url for a query .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  default   default

test:  convert a string in us/eastern format to a value .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  leading   strip

test:  parse a list of ftp or objects using ftp .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  return   modules
truth:  parse   parse

test:  logs a linked linked to the specified condition .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a field tree format .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts mask from dotted format to xxx format .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  heavily -> "foo .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  generates   i
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a spline .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all vms that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wrap a component r and return the result .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  create   android
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns true if a key has previously reached .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if "hubble" needs a null filled with the generated protocol .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  loading   use
truth:  test   a

test:  send http request to the addon api .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  make   null

test:  checks if a string is a decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the file server modules .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  kruskal -> str arguments: data -- the string data to be converted to a valid remote file .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  return a random element of func with func .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  removes the uri portion of the uri .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  strip   slashes
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return information about the lsmod server lsmod cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read all show_fiff .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  compute   file
truth:  evoked   read

test:  check for an controller controller .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a decorator to compile a function to a python device .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  build a dictionary of ht .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  disables an instance of plugin tracking tracking after method has been disabled .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  disables   init
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach a queryset representation of each queryset object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  options for code that are ready to be moved to download .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  return   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  make a custom projs .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  make   return
truth:  create   create

test:  decode a raw base64 encoded data .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  decode   data
truth:  base64   base64

test:  create a analyze analyze file and write the original files to the temporary file .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   temporary
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  return the characters &<>" in string .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  escape   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a start date and an aware aware date .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  get   a
truth:  convert   day

test:  pad or create an iterable if it does not exist .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  parses an object into a path .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  to   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm request section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  request   request
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if domain a domain-matches domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the position as percentage between 0 .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   media
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as a % b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all documents .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to run a single module in a separate module namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  runs   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  encode the object input .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get or create anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous cart cart .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  creates   open
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  return the current default time of the system .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  nice -> string return a nice version of s .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   representation

test:  returns the string used to convert to end tags .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  remove   html

test:  generates a userprofile given a cookie .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  discover the system and put the most recent bytes to a .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  null   set
truth:  get   memory

test:  checks whether direction is less than direction and direction .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  get   comparison
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return sample symbol for a language in a given markdown period .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  get custom state for the current thread .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a system system system tags .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   return
truth:  given   null

test:  parse a set-like header into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate a dataset with shelve and words .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse the method descriptor .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   attempt
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a value from a wsgi environment and properly decodes it .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  read epochs as epochs .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   read
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the command exists on the current platform .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  return   return

test:  extract a c c list from the tuples of optional tuples .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  compute squared squared squared squared error regression .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  squared   mean

test:  get equation for a pair of bytes .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  traverse   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  uses   view
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a list of feed entries to be used in the current feed .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  list table columns .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  divides   a

test:  return an items sortkey object .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sorting   key

test:  return the base directory where ipython itself is installed .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set selling for every accounts list of selling .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   price

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  check the given contents of the given html output .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  test   check
truth:  check   check

test:  an issue user config file should not override a user that doesnt exist .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  null   configuration
truth:  config   config

test:  return the volume type for a volume .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  get   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a string containing a series of strings .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   uid

test:  get y xmax data .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   maximum

test:  set up the modbus sensor .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register an canonical role as an extension .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a list of data which have been modified by the most recent job .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  get   a

test:  install some installation version .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  install   detail
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy cherrypy which hooks at before_handler to perform basic auth obtain a basic auth .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   cherrypy
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the title of the current axis to *s* .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  raise tabcommunication if path isnt supported .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  get a scp from the remote host .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  files   copies
truth:  files   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid basics .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   null
truth:  puts   null

test:  writes a sysfs attribute to a file .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  append   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  remove tags associated with the specified resource .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  remove   new
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  yields the command and return the integer command .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  command   command

test:  just numpy the part of the code:string .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  importing   test
truth:  check   check

test:  make sure exception raised by the parenthesis stack .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  format   test
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test dealing with rtmockclient .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  merges   loading
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to require the harden page .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a ** b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  replaces invalid characters in a string with a valid v1-style .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  null   resolves
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should extract a single step into a single step .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  install a .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: zulip set pending build failures requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  transform coincidence coincidence matrix to tawn - theta .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  mixed   null

test:  return the canonical path for a resource .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generates translation table overlap for the current table overlap with the current prefix .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the colorbar .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  signal to create a profile .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  create   signal
truth:  make   null

test:  return a dict of the python information for all the files in the models file .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the group id to the group on this minion cli example: .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a formatted time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the path to the current engine .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  predicate   version
truth:  returns   a

test:  log a middleware .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  a wrapper around param .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  noop   noop

test:  execute riak packages in the path to the branch .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a reference to the latest version of the user .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  return   a

test:  update the quotas for a tenant quota .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bessel

test:  remove all triggers triggers to a task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  deferredgenerator a function and all please by default .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   pyreverse
truth:  run   pylint

test:  view function that handles a verifying change request .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  email   a
truth:  given   a

test:  merge solution with the given time-varying .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  is   null

test:  load a navigation file and return its contents .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  it will check each standard location details in a chunk tracks .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience method for writing to a file in the docker-compose file .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  writes   decorator
truth:  write   test

test:  asks asks .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given a list of collections .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  is   null
truth:  given   a

test:  fetch ami ami for instance .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  include   a
truth:  null   nodes

test:  return the path to the migrate command .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  get   need
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a worker that methods with the given arguments .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  download   null
truth:  substitute   a

test:  return a list of hosts for each cluster in the specified cluster .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  get   hosts
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a directory n .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  file   up
truth:  return   return

test:  a generator that yields the 1024 import of a file .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  return the dictionaries and values of the dictionary .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  left   null

test:  a context manager for c{maintype} purposes .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  input   return
truth:  return   a

test:  print an error message and mac .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  to   display
truth:  null   method

test:  run a designated module in the given python 3 .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns true if the current request should be retried .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  retrieve   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  checks to see if the account exists .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  call the given command .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  call   call
truth:  runs   runs

test:  generate title-case info to target directory .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  return   path
truth:  extract   a

test:  sample from a projection of samples from one of the projection weights .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  samples   samples

test:  removes a creds from the database .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  create a default size of a param parameter .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  list all the reservations .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  to   details
truth:  report   report

test:  javascript javascript functions for javascript functions .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  code   wrapper
truth:  set   up

test:  return the native native range from a range header .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  null   inserts
truth:  return   range

test:  test exponential matrix matrix with type nonnegative integer .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  takes a list of bits and makes a packed structure suitable for use in encode .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  pack   tuple
truth:  convert   a

test:  return true if the value is not not not not not not equal to the so that it can be converted .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the lg webos tv platform .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager for temporary directory temporarily .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a fcm .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   minimum
truth:  get   equation

test:  get the class class of the class .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  requests   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of torrent .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   torrent

test:  apply format to passed .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  load   null
truth:  write   null

test:  function generated in latex form .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   build
truth:  function   function

test:  using the mac address configured by the pci device .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  list zones for a specific zones .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   everything

test:  create an image .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   version

test:  retrieves the grains from the network device if not cached already exists .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a scalar function .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   options

test:  tries to parse a date according to the format .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the file scheme has a zipfile .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   return
truth:  see   null

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  spawn a function in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  function   function

test:  create a zfs environment dict .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  make   create
truth:  create   create

test:  ordereddict ordereddict in yaml dump .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  null   a
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns the distance distance between the given docs .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return data in group+name format that are tuples in python 2 .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  return   datetime

test:  reload the storage policy .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  parse   sets
truth:  null   policies

test:  validate that a partition exists .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  null   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a sqlalchemy engine .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  null   a
truth:  config   handler

test:  commits a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  changes   commit
truth:  changes   changes

test:  converts a list of elements to a string of ints .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   candidate

test:  main function :return: none .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to require an instance .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the contents of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a source string containing a series controller_key starred to a certbot starred .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  temporal 3d normal inputs with n_ones elements .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  return   gaussian
truth:  pad   pad

test:  test for a version string .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create new dataset for this dataset .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  finalize   tests
truth:  restricts   null

test:  sending an email to a pool .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  queues   null
truth:  sending   sending

test:  create a widget .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  settings   gene
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column names on table function function and dot .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  gets the task user object .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  raise warning if parallel is in parallel mode .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  error   error

test:  add c*x**i to k[x] in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  number of sent sent in sent an number of words .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  null   i
truth:  null   i

test:  return a dict mapping the oauth uri to discovery .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  do   access
truth:  look   up

test:  check and returns the similarity similarity of the command .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  create   delete
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  return the cumulative line number .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   download
truth:  purge   null

test:  convert characters in a string to a byte string .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  construct a soundcloud user for use in tests and (#) .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   auth

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   a

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  update   update
truth:  set   set

test:  a function to get a node with a specific node .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  reads gif file and returns as numpy array .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  delete a volume cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   volume
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the intersections of an object_list value .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the because of a base and base .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  =   null
truth:  null   calculation

test:  update user location in memcached .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  touch   user
truth:  update   location

test:  exit code .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   os
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  register   register
truth:  registers   register

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  place   import
truth:  selects   a

test:  adds a new |message| to the switch .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check if a pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the magic string for the current default magic .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  retrieve all the metrics ids associated with a given collection .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a list of commits to the entire game .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  implements   binary
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add an ascii bytes to the whole bytes of the given forward .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  convert   version
truth:  null   parts

test:  open a file and return the lock version .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   file
truth:  open   a

test:  determine if a path is entirely inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  uninstall a single package with pkg_delete multiple package .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a regression test for issue url .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   null

test:  displays a line .
truth: print line . 
test:  string   filter
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the review groups have valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  returns interfaces data from given ipv6 address .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   data
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --editable --outdated flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  s -> above a relative path to a url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  do   a
truth:  create   a

test:  update the output of the specified data .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a list of dictionaries to a scope string .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  estimate cut-set parameters from similarity to a given lobe .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  null   null
truth:  order   order

test:  context manager that disables the persons .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  context   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse a given token according to the settings in a list of write information .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  template   template

test:  reset http connection to the specified connections .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  reset   nodes
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  returns true if the query contains an out-of-line .
truth: aux function . 
test:  null   check
truth:  function   function

test:  a log file .
truth: log os . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   os

test:  copy a function or a method .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  copy   calling
truth:  create   a

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add the latest version of the route .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute score loss for prediction probabilities .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  fit   backup
truth:  compute   compute

test:  tests to see if the postgres already exists .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  add   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a number of seconds since the internal helper function .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   duration

test:  alter -> host_from_gpu gpu_from_host -> gpu_dimshuffle .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the opacity opacity to both translations and alpha as a numpy array .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  set   point
truth:  change   change

test:  no dependency .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  limit   null
truth:  null   a

test:  parse one of the large formatters from a regularization file .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (windows version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  transform an api handler to a hash .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  return   null
truth:  maps   maps

test:  convert a canonical canonical string in bytes to long format .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  take   a

test:  open or create database at path given by *file* .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  opens   view
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given list of language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup app .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  install   install
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the dependencies of a vector .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  converts   v

test:  allow t-test to do proper urls .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  confirm   configuration
truth:  set   configuration

test:  tests that theres no exceptions .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  create   redirect
truth:  tests   units

test:  returns metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   metadata

test:  api endpoint for getting a draft form .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   a

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mount   a

test:  resetting the exit connection queries .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse a standard shaped response .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  adds date to template kind kind of a user .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  add   arguments
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the file server list given by salt backend .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create vector with rows of order matrix .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  create   create

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   up
truth:  build   up

test:  create and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  return   verifies
truth:  create   create

test:  return the binary string .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple of objects which match the given object .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   a

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  null   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  null   sparseblockouter
truth:  null   null

test:  test if the generated tool has a isoinfo api .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  update   update
truth:  execute   null

test:  run half of all tests .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  to   current
truth:  run   flake8

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  index   null
truth:  null   momentum

test:  delete a scheduled volume from a device cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  a decorator to set the cross domain for a test example .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  avoid   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  resets nodes fakedrivers .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  shut   fakedrivers
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  return the final status of a list of statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  find target targets in path .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  search   search

test:  test an issue level error in a module .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  create a new engine instance that formats the configured engine to a schema .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  return   return
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  returns a form of the command line taking the form fan-out .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  creates a rope .
truth: given a server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get decoding config .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a field .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  renames   a
truth:  test   test

test:  accepts a json as a json so that it has one as one line as a json string .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  renders   data
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make the longest lower factories .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  display   start
truth:  starts   null

test:  returns a dict of the users policy .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and private key required by a given key .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  flask   certificates
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  installs the virtual environment .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  returns a handle to the database .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  retrieves   function
truth:  post   a

test:  return the identifier for the given cohort .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  return   certificates
truth:  given   a

test:  load the configuration and return a zpool instance for the given key .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given value .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a thumbnail remote host and add it to the thumbnail .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  creates   header
truth:  create   a

test:  runs a function via smtp .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  run   run
truth:  ensures   null

test:  compiles fnclex library .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  create   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  parses a model tags into a list of tags .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  resolve   list
truth:  given   a

test:  push degrees of degrees .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  return an :class: .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for events .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a random time-dependent .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the given url to the given language url .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a list of ports and their records for a given port .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the value of a jobconf variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  supplied   get
truth:  get   get

test:  all archive .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  extract   find
truth:  archive   sources

test:  gets a string and returns a colors .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  remove a signal from the root of a file .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  lift   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes old messages from the db .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  attempt to decodes a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  compare a pairs of key function .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if any of the patterns matches the given patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  setup directory for ssl ssl options .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  null   up
truth:  move   move

test:  read the config file .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  check if all objects have valid objects .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a cohort object for the given name .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   info
truth:  return   return

test:  a valid hypervisor hypervisor and last uid .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  remove   message
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a topic to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  get the auth string from the http body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  list   return
truth:  count   count

test:  redirect to apps and adds the current user .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  redirect   view
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the minkowski distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns the value of the bcc and the version .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  return   null
truth:  substitute   null

test:  yield successive n-sized files .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  iterates   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to require an object to map all attrs .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  null   register
truth:  decorated   null

test:  updates the epoch with epoch .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  null   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  sort the given list of dictionaries by turning a key in the given list .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sort   sorting
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   receiver
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  get current timezone cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  adds a node to the lookup class .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  add   a
truth:  register   a

test:  parse a topic .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   metadata
truth:  parse   parse

test:  converts string to a bytes .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  to   function
truth:  use   use

test:  delete the python source file .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  start   start
truth:  to   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume snapshot .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   output
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns a prompt with current set of tokens .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   tokens

test:  list all the vms for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  check if two header q is inside gamut .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  if   check
truth:  test   test

test:  updates scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  update   update
truth:  given   a

test:  return a regular expression .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  gets   null

test:  this function is called by evennia when the facility of the facility case .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  write the progress file to disk .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  a nb: wrapper for sparsedataset .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  transform   shortcut
truth:  solve   real

test:  which training of a person is active with .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   job
truth:  null   null

test:  show a message with an ok message and passes the optional message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the [elementwise] switch of a and b .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: stash this plugin allows you to capture code files from config .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   process
truth:  null   stash

test:  returns a review board request .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  get specific site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a partial url for the tool shed .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  to   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  list all gems to a new hipchat instance .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  flatten a sequence .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return system info cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   use
truth:  return   system

test:  fixture that will change the default groups for your default groups .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  to   names
truth:  creates   null

test:  use seconds to sleep the maximum number .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  this creates a python service that will be uniquely uniquely in windows .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  a version of django .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  join   url
truth:  joins   a

test:  returns true if the given object is a field .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   values
truth:  builds   a

test:  a feature wrapping gamestate .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  check   join
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix sine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run a list of commands on all nodes in the given task .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  run   run

test:  uninstall a translated application .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  remove   app

test:  compute the coefficient of the z value for the given state .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a list of the path strings for the given language path .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  prefix   file
truth:  removes   everything

test:  returns a string to be used in the given string .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  allow   compute
truth:  given   null

test:  return a boolean indicating whether image is marketing .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  null   image
truth:  update   vals

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  returns a list of the all the ckan that have correct newlines .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test one line with one line .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  filters a record in the db .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  null   size
truth:  update   update

test:  get the login error .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  get   -
truth:  return   return

test:  check that vlog() .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  logs   logs

test:  subtract dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   polynomial
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  determine if the features should be joined .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  ask   options
truth:  to   method

test:  create and return an ssh management management cfg for ssh connections .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper to recursively convert all file filenames to a temp directory .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  gets a list of registered types .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager for temporary directory .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  validate a tuple difference between two complex difference .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  null   in
truth:  return   return

test:  compare two files .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  if   permissions
truth:  if   check

test:  given a string of consecutive doubles .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  return a list of dataset .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get the rendered uri on a given server .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   a
truth:  does   a

test:  return a map of <modname>: <modpath> for each problem .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  have   null

test:  factory to return the s3 config dictionary for a given package .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  get   controller
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a convenience wrapper method for flattening certificates .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  context   in
truth:  creates   a

test:  given an json tab .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  returns   i
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  return true if the doctype has html matches the given text .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   check

test:  validates that pack is not a valid position .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  adds a type to a file with the type type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  convert   flag
truth:  add   a

test:  create and write contents to file .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  content   content

test:  send insert into table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  decorates   step
truth:  insert   insert

test:  returns a list of the delete sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  repeat a function calls a transaction .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  func   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a mailchimp object .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  time   method
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  returns the size of the default width .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the path to the pants tree .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  retrieve   python
truth:  creates   null

test:  installs the locally and return the local locally object .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  config   install
truth:  install   install

test:  returns a schema to connect to a soap urn .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  creates   verifies
truth:  return   a

test:  format a list of message sizes for response output .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  convert state to a space .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  guess   player

test:  check that astropys ecliptic systems give answers 3 .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  check   check

test:  process the message .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  retry   a
truth:  if   a

test:  coerce value to a field .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  value   value
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns the hash hash given the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute the salt-ssh application .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  execute   remove
truth:  publish   commands

test:  this is a wrapper to create a model class object from permission .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  converts   back

test:  create a new setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  create   fixture
truth:  return   distribution

test:  decorator that will not use inline code .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  helps   null

test:  clears given limit from datacenter; .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure that expected test is present in the expected wrapper .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  convert a string to a byte string .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  accepts   client
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  adjust the filesystem path to the system .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  find   compare
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a word-wrap function that preserves existing lines of a given sequence .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  a decorator to create a collection from a collection .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   method

test:  generate a dotted datastore .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  delete   creation
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient methods that are not divisible .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create an argumentparser to be used for lettuce_avoid_apps script .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a private key and private key of the private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a minimum distance between the vertices of the minimum minimum of the minimum non-singleton .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete users cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   topics
truth:  delete   a

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  decorator to make the dimensions of a function .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  null   processing
truth:  null   decorator

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to acquire the api functions .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  registers   a

test:  find the |resources| distribution for the current process .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  parse   helper
truth:  computes   null

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  release   cleanup
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  returns the lock of the given fcntl file .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  return   try
truth:  lock   a

test:  every imported links for just a given source .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a list of bytes into an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  create a ellipse mean between an immutable mean and a unit .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  plots   distribution
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a command and read the output as a new one .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   salt
truth:  execute   null

test:  return a list of positive entries in the list for sorting .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a recent paragraph string to a pdfdocencoding .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  helper to replace a actual actual format .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  does the default preferred preferred server .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  apply   use
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a generator of lists for use in batches .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  takes   iterator
truth:  yield   batches

test:  given an iterable of value added and a list of taxes .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  added   stack

test:  runs flask dev temp file .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  ensure   one
truth:  walk   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with &key .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  check if disregard is wrong .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates a library index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  update   signal
truth:  updates   course

test:  clip a deterministic deterministic product for verbs .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  computes   solve
truth:  compute   compute

test:  render the multilang module cix element tree .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  get a task object for a given target .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  return   data
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that will start .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   change
truth:  set   set

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when given a wrong input .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add rotation loop to plane .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  simplified   faces
truth:  simplified   add

test:  a line that ignores all elements for an attributeerror to a list .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  fetch a string of an user identifier by its id .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  cast integer to port .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  coerce   a

test:  returns a generator of the consolidate sets for all nodes in g .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates the prime n of a set of order n .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  format random chars of random string .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  text   returns
truth:  change   change

test:  specifying advinc .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   source
truth:  test   test

test:  unique array to np .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  null   algorithm
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  create   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a list of zones zones to be used for any of the cluster to compute file .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  opengl opengl opengl opengl parameters .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  create   null
truth:  -   -

test:  print out raw arg and adds the data to the server .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  print   debug
truth:  output   output

test:  creates a private ip for linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere model mappers .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   check
truth:  making   test

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  return a list of all information .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  return   work
truth:  list   list

test:  basic indexing with indexing or advanced .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  null   a
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  clears all unique permissions for the given user .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clear   up
truth:  clear   null

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  for numpys functional test subsets that adds instances of all instances with instances constant on all instances of all instances of the train and test subsets .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  projects   null
truth:  split   split

test:  test that in-db .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  to   try

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filters out apis in list of api calls to l{type_map} .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  return   api
truth:  list   list

test:  copy the reader to the filename .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses a genepop file in a cdao file .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: least execute least least the build as least the jenkins build .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a security name .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a polynomial of complex as a matrix .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  null   i
truth:  return   a

test:  validates the beacon file .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test genextreme with warnings .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  deprecated   test
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a project and raise if ns if it has been verified .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  delete   virtual
truth:  destroy   null

test:  compute the trimmed slices of an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   polygon
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a server console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check reading clusterer .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to reset password .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  reset   reset

test:  convert a single background array to a background graph .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  to   rgba

test:  return a python class instance signed by the nexml class name .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  gets   string
truth:  null   python

test:  copy a table .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  take   config
truth:  null   a

test:  gets results of current interface .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  need   commands
truth:  list   list

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   data
truth:  inplace   row

test:  check if a database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  if   check
truth:  parse   parse

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  renders a certificate and renders it with the current context .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  renders   page
truth:  picks   picks

test:  iterate over a character matches the possible matches the given name .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  generates   generator
truth:  yield   null

test:  serializes -> json object this function simply returns the object .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the random expressions of expr .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  create   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of eventrenderers from available events .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a new consumers endpoints with a given prefix .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  resizes the file system start on the system .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  resizes   null
truth:  resizes   null

test:  compute up up up up given log moments .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  parallel fastica with the maximum likelihood - decorrelation .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   fastica

test:  extracts the django settings from the given settings file .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  patches   null
truth:  try   try

test:  setup an old-style info to an manually .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  add   information
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  set   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   pointer
truth:  null   pointer

test:  remove timeline contents .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  compare   project
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns whether or not we are fp in fp .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a list of all completed completed data .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   json

test:  combines a list of games into one big number of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   null
truth:  combines   a

test:  lists all packages that have been sensor .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  pass   new
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  map an original url to a path .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  we are close to this account .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  lists   wrapper
truth:  to   query

test:  set the user-agent of the api .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  set   virtual
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence fix 12/26 .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  moving   average
truth:  null   null

test:  removes field constraints from the database .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  remove   egg
truth:  decorates   column

test:  allow some connection to the multiprocessing .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  support   support

test:  return an iterator over all example widgets .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  flush   up
truth:  return   return

test:  test hive-site .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   point
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: openshift-deploy-canceller this action allows you to verify the build for any openshift deployments running in the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a html string that can provide the given tag .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  dump a color .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  format   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  removes old style logging .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  is   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a dictionary of information about all information .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  display   display

test:  construct an re-patching member for the given name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns true if the passed value is a boolean .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a evaluated string from python source directory .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   python

test:  return current user .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  returns   users
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   set
truth:  boot   boot

test:  create a dsym file from the given image .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for given user .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   enrollment
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test to ensure volume names and colors are in device .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  question   objects
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator that adds more string arguments to the sessions .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  like   like

test:  returns the subprocess devices in the registry .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  map   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  attempt to extract a json from a schema response .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return the float angle in a text file .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  this function runlevel the unicode of a unicode cookie .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  convert   i
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  this will get the master method from the list of master .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   conversion

test:  check if object is a binary string .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  filters all possible lines in a given directory with matching matching name .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  generate   element
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile an ir function .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  return a hook given its name .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a link from the pantsrefs api .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  generate   link
truth:  null   null

test:  save a list of full attribute to a attribute dictionary .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  use   signal
truth:  save   null

test:  test whether a path is a regular file .
truth: same as os . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  send user to clients .
truth: update request . 
test:  to   layer
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a supplied configuration .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  given   null
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  gets the channelservicestub instance from the api proxy map .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  decorator to wrap an action to a policy allows .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the post request to the given url and accesses accesses .
truth: do the post . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  do   null

test:  get between model and purified/linkified .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   pillars
truth:  get   get

test:  validates if the fields of groupby fields are valid .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a consumer that will id for a request .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   create

test:  fountain return the expected number of each session .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  send   send
truth:  produces   a

test:  use the django .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  send   null
truth:  to   null

test:  encodes string to utf-8 and then bytes .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  return   string
truth:  make   a

test:  create a version string for the given version and version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  add   version
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  this is intended to apply everything .
truth: returns np . 
test:  translate   test
truth:  returns   np

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check and convert to utc .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  perform   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  call xs with given arguments and return the appropriate one .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute whitener covariance matrix .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   loop
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  create a dict .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid require .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find the rewriterule from an expression .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  save a workbook to disk .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   use
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  if   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  checks for host checks .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  function   return
truth:  perform   null

test:  check if the file at the given mark .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  like   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  return obj if it exists .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  like   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a google cloud storage file and return a google cloud instance .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  get   api
truth:  opens   a

test:  to see if our user is encoded .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  generate   input
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get face pair for the face .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  execute a ruby command with pyenv .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  normalize the mean and average by the mean .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine a callable into a single variables .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   return
truth:  combine   null

test:  removes the current response .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  empty   endpoint
truth:  removes   null

test:  update all translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  update   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  prints/logs an error message to the server log .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  function   check
truth:  log   a

test:  folder add .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  return the variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a file of an xml file and return a list of blank lines of tuples of the file names and blank data = initial ones .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  iterates   load
truth:  parse   data

test:  when passed a single bytestring .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  to   testing
truth:  tests   tests

test:  helper to run when theres multiple settings .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  fixture   run
truth:  collect   null

test:  yield a repository report for the provided errors in the system .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  make   checks
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns the settings for the given static file .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that catches a boolean value .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  make   function
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns the exit code of the command .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  returns   virtual
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return the path to the container .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  return   return
truth:  append   append

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  add   add

test:  takes a dict and a deferred and returns a deferred .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  given   a

test:  calculates a time in the following situations: of a given number of milliseconds .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  convert   system
truth:  format   format

test:  creates a new consumers and sets an operation on the topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   agent

test:  try to import and return the list of all the versions defined by the given module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  import   a

test:  convert a groups matrix to the categorical vector and returns a list of dicts .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several rpm packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a token to be used for the specified user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  find the manifest info based on the ldap face face .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  get   set
truth:  find   find

test:  return a list of permissions for a given iterable of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the current device by device .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a 2-d identity array .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  null   matrix

test:  verifies that swap subclass is loaded correctly on math .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  wait for the given message to become qutebrowser .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  only one qapp can exist at a time .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   one

test:  shows a user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  view   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nth derivative of the second kind of the second bessel function h1v(z) .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   nth

test:  check the given computer is a propositional return false if the @foo flag is a influxdb .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a helper to precompute pantsrefs .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  look   a
truth:  return   links

test:  get all child branch .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   branch

test:  return longest objects from longest seqs list of lengths .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  chooses   null

test:  return a relative path to a path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   null

test:  get the current search location .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  populate a vif .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  like variable .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  convert   output
truth:  function   function

test:  get processes and users name according to the almost .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  sanitize   a
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  pulls translation and write translation .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  return   edit
truth:  loads   unit

test:  provides the xdg configuration directory .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  configured   null
truth:  check   xdg

test:  calculate the most recent version of the currently note that the user is to access to the currently note that the currently note that the currently note that the currently
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  return   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  called   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test with histogram of the current data .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test that an existing directory exists .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only load the module if lvm is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the default policy .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  override   function
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the demo remotes platform .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  null   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that we can invalid values .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  test   exception
truth:  using   test

test:  create a control service instance from the control service .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  track   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the path to the core engine .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reads   a

test:  force exit .
truth: force exit . 
test:  end   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  install a specific plugin .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   compatibility
truth:  install   a

test:  put a process into the given process .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  null   user
truth:  use   use

test:  get or create hostfile .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get loops going through the given loops .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return the hg revision for the last editing .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a wsgi application .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   application

test:  wrapper around allowing that initializes the extra data to a new api .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  transfer   handle
truth:  perform   null

test:  splits an integer into multiple parts .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  labels   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the location after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new user .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  creates   redirect
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  send datetime to auth in file .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  convert   proxy
truth:  reports   reports

test:  return a regular expression to regex inside a regex .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   hook
truth:  hook   hook

test:  enter xml data for the component .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  enters   edit
truth:  edits   null

test:  return a little name for the given format .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return an iterator over all lines in the given python source file .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  file   manager
truth:  yield   null

test:  display the initial version for the current database .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  display   display
truth:  starting   starting

test:  return a dictionary of all color colors .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about the named state for a container .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  return   open
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve an appropriate path from the given python yaml path or a python file .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  expected   return

test:  return a list of a list of urls .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  train using a helpful task with arguments .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  test   null
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  compute the entropy of a non-negative integer .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  build an build file for the executable specified by the app .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  build   build
truth:  get   get

test:  get logger by name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate javascript map of the javascript map for each trace in the javascript files .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generates   a

test:  given url for running schedule .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper around dog_stats_api .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  to   quota
truth:  prepares   a

test:  evaluate a series of ndarrays elements .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  debug   implementation
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a version of insert .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  skip a test if the decorated decorator .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   run
truth:  skip   a

test:  configures the object to given the attribute of an object .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  dumps information about the given pipeline .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  decorates   testing
truth:  null   workflow

test:  docstring for wrapping .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   multiple
truth:  compile   a

test:  by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  find   find
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  converts an integer to a string that is an want want to be converted .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  normalize   a

test:  test updating the bundle .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  accepts   objects
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all the volumes in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if http status code is client error .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  override the current page .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  using   null
truth:  if   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute != the value given .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  if   check

test:  clean an assets from the final assets .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  delete   comment
truth:  built   remove

test:  removes directories which are deleted .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a dictionary with information about any files .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  update   run
truth:  preload   a

test:  check whether a short number is valid .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a directory to store the given name .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  includes implementation of the module .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  set the debug level .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the named image is present in the named image .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   a

test:  returns string representation of an object .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  turn   form
truth:  null   null

test:  fetch all the default logging in an open api call .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  downloads   accepts
truth:  logs   logs

test:  assign parent to a line .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a csv data structure from a migration .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  null   a

test:  return a rule representing a condition .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  order   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  insert a value into the dictionary .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether a secret is a secret .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  check   view
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  create drawdowns index .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  helper method to retrieve the header with an explicit timeout .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  get   try
truth:  to   try

test:  returns a list of page created by the given doctype .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  cast to boolean value .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  text   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  support function for various classification metadata and insert loader .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  change   inverse
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  return the complex table defined by parsing the installer header of support_enumeration .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  loads an image to the ratio ratio .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  confirm   console
truth:  return   return

test:  converts file from file .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   system
truth:  combined   return

test:  replace local variables with a syntactically valid name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compare two parsed objects .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that have exactly the same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  lists the members of a group .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  list   user
truth:  replaces   members

test:  computes finite diff of the finite of model of a set of widdershins values for prediction and returns the finite of the finite order .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  takes   version
truth:  calculates   null

test:  dumps the data in the current block stack .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  url   json
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  attempt to convert s to unicode .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  to   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  return a map of the current python imaging imaging .
truth: available major . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  construct a expression .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  use this def only if the ns for the ns for the ns pep8 .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of operator strings .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  function   metrics
truth:  return   return

test:  return the content of the latest element with the passed attribute .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a function for a proper asset/date/column .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   create

test:  return the number of gpus associated with this job .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a string like instance_uuids .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if csf exists on the system .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  change   work
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install a requirements file on a specific addon .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   python

test:  load a certificate file and return a partial certificate .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   certificate
truth:  load   a

test:  send some tool shed shed is already in the book .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  converts an expression into a sympy expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  change control index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  sent   features
truth:  index   index

test:  language: outline -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   ru

test:  set the alarm alarm to the alarm file .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  splits the datastore path into the datastore .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  split   split

test:  l2 distance matrix exponential using the vectors u = u + .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  apply a function to a bad type .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  apply   username
truth:  recurse   null

test:  given an ordered page .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  get the <jdepend+plugin> wrapper to use as matplotlib .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  null   null
truth:  using   null

test:  renders a descending .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  avoid   format
truth:  render   render

test:  given a date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  return   get
truth:  function   function

test:  return url .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  url   url

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  apply a cache dictionary to each dictionary of arguments and the cache .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  extend   a
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  submits a csv to a csv containing a html summary summary summary .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  submits   null
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  test scrub .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  test   action
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the phrase that output_corrected_fp: the head token for each node .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  either one or more arrays .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  split   structure
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  returns the string to use for the pdf .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  capture   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return expression in which the completion should be inserted usually usually usually assist assist assist assist .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  download a s3 object to s3 .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  returns seconds since epoch .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   unix

test:  register the default log filtering and save into the logger .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  register   null
truth:  injects   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve all vms on this environment .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a hypervisor by name .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a decorator for memoizing function .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  calls   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  pop the current context from the stack .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  pops   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new api binding .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  derivative of bytes .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  ping   helper
truth:  finds   null

test:  execute code from a context manager to timeout .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  turn   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  copy a file to a directory .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  copy   remove
truth:  create   a

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return default plugin for creating categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  constructs a dict of sample types .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  name   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  attempts to expand a pep function} type .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  importing w/ higher .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   test
truth:  nested   test

test:  return a list of unhandled config directory .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   configuration

test:  part of the game .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that hyphens get translated to underscores during mangling .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns proxy info and port info page info .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  provides   proxy
truth:  parse   parse

test:  confine this module to rhel/fedora systems with macports .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  return   load
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the complexity of a complexity .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  null   product
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a continuous random variable with zero n distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the most recent recent snapshot .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  return   softplus
truth:  null   null

test:  create a signal instance for properly .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fire   a

test:  returns the size of a given format format .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  renders the most recent user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  to   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  returns the conductance conductance between nodes and all node sets for a weighted graph .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert data base64 into base64 encoded string .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  transform   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the maximum likelihood correlation coefficient parameters factors : ndarray .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  project   null
truth:  project   a

test:  delete all tables .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  deletes   register
truth:  is   null

test:  return windows command .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  and_expression : relational_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  convert a numpy mask to a list of indices .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  mask   cast
truth:  to   convert

test:  create weight initializer .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of all level lengths on each level of each level .
truth: given an index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  show a message information .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the discrete log of a hermitian network .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by taking the elements of a model .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   x
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  verify that given ruby is present .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a dictionary of microversion .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  for a given python id and return it .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorate a python class .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   class

test:  purge any options that are running this call .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  register   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  logs if a user is done .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  reduce -> int return a right-justified expression .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  compute the additive kernel between x and y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return data to a number of units that are in data .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  get   position
truth:  turn   number

test:  display a proxy view .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  validate   page
truth:  serve   null

test:  get information about the file .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  call all floatx numbers .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  does   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the cache directory exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  reshapes an expression to a blaze expression .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  replace   parameters
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  an script that allows for this graph to run .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  create   build
truth:  return   return

test:  helper information about the jupyter notebook .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  watch   string
truth:  returns   a

test:  a template tag that returns the csrf token .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  view   view
truth:  context   processor

test:  execute the console .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  retrieve   run
truth:  call   call

test:  returns the permission user for the specified user .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  return a list of the reserved index .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file on a given filename .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   try

test:  write error messages to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  error   print
truth:  print   print

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  determine if the name is made as a decorator for the given method .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  to   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  copies default filter to the default value .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  initializes   data
truth:  default   default

test:  calculate the munroe loss of two expression .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  default   a
truth:  define   a

test:  encoder/decoder server .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  log   events

test:  open telemetry logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   preload
truth:  log   log

test:  retrieve a set of new-style classes defined in *module* .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split each item in array by given array of longest group .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  chunks   remove
truth:  null   elements

test:  compiles a string for working .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compiles   template_string
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a path relative to $bindir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   os
truth:  return   a

test:  like input .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  input   input
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  create and verify an image .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  put   alpha

test:  calculate the nti group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  access a service .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  get   usage
truth:  embedded   null

test:  wait until the mathjax has loaded .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   millisecond
truth:  add   add

test:  remove the activities by either if its operation is present .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  load   load
truth:  requires   requires

test:  perform all of the nodes from a node .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  label   data
truth:  assign   a

test:  returns the server id associated with a given server id .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  like   example
truth:  null   example

test:  converts string into a field .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  transform   string
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the path path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  parse and return contents of the given contents .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parse one or more file source .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a random circuit gate of a circuit circuit .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a new table in a table .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a sqlalchemy snapshot from a given snapshot id .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write a new pack object to a file .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  pack   pack

test:  try to extract version from version string .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   tshark

test:  list all packages currently installed in the system .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wrap a csrf snapshot so that its response has the right snapshot .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  wrap   string
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   null
truth:  embed   null

test:  migrate a table definition .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  migrate   table

test:  returns the indices of an array along an axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  takes   elements

test:  get all of the files in a track directory .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the list of current inventory resources .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  removes all roles from a group .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  construct a message from the received cache-control cache-control .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  make   parse
truth:  build   up

test:  execute an input image uuid of the image verbose verbose uuid of the been committed verbose : boolean optional image verbose verbose verbose verbose uuid of the path cli example:
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  run   import
truth:  import   import

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured windows-configured .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a value of variable variable in a variable .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  test   test

test:  generic an email to send a message to the user .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  sends   email
truth:  null   factory

test:  collect with ip addresses and other representations .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  collect   null

test:  wrap a callback to call the given callback .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a formatted string containing the given request and headers .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  null   convenience
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment record .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  call failure on changes .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   failure
truth:  returns   failure

test:  using a list of rotation theta .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  null   images
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the context .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  djangos   version
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to save a fake exception and adds a stringio to the given context .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  set   manager
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  generates a challenge for use in tests .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a dictionary of pairs into a dictionary .
truth: like repr . 
test:  accepts   list
truth:  like   repr

test:  find a channel by tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  object   object
truth:  find   channel

test:  convert a model class to an object .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   processing
truth:  provided   apply

test:  ensure that the current request is present in the session .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  used   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears accumulated statistics on the local node .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  parse ndp options entry as a buffer .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compile the pathname into a file .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  interface to git-reset(1)_ .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  export   wrapper
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a group members page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  view   a
truth:  returns   members

test:  start a vm vm : string vm to be stopped start : boolean options options key : boolean vm options to start options key : string vm parameter cli example:
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch raw image from the image server .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  grab   null

test:  validates that value is a document and can contain a document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a cookiejar from a cookiejar dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  determine if the dbref given to a dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  return   a
truth:  forms   forms

test:  generates a polygon for the given polygon and properly formatted as a drive variable .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  function   attr_gt
truth:  null   cosine

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the list of names for a backend .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  remove   configure
truth:  set   a

test:  alpha matrix to the max covariance matrix with .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  null   columns
truth:  find   find

test:  computes a signed header for the given uri .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  replace   change
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a 410 gone context .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write nested methods .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  write   security
truth:  write   methods

test:  returns unique name .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  null   way

test:  convert images to an image .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the indices of a matrix .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  retrieve   transform
truth:  count   count

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   runner

test:  check if the user is protected by an http .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  if   view
truth:  to   checks

test:  prints the hex code .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  print   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generates a description of an operation based on the configuration .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  allocate   helper
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the normalized cut between nodes and all node sets for a weighted graph .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts integer to positive bytes .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  return   return
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete a computenode .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  build a dictionary for the system metadata .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  check if the depth contains at least one depth .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a simple string with the supplied name and last compressed string .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read a 7777 integer from a dictionary .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  extracts   product
truth:  combines   null

test:  parses the given string as json .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  add   a

test:  generate a file and lock and store it with the hash .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  write   filename
truth:  null   secret

test:  get external downloader path .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  check if vlim is vlim .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  create an gaussian image for a given gaussian image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   images

test:  return the string *name* .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  empty   return

test:  create a dictionary with the specified c{nodeid} status .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct the url to the br service .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  return   date
truth:  constructs   null

test:  returns the real fourier authority of p .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  returns url to location for course image .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that uses a sqlite template .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  sampling   null

test:  checks is expired and marks if selected .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  get the complex path from the vector3 if it exists .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new gstreamer class with a class .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  hook   create
truth:  returns   a

test:  a warning and print the old socket and print a message .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  checks   python
truth:  if   check

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  remove a website from iis .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: cucumber-reports this plugin creates the build file for config .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  null   duplicate
truth:  null   null

test:  date as a string .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  take a new session and checks its status .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  uses   find
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  read data in plain format from json .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  converts   converts

test:  create a temporary file .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  import   get
truth:  function   function

test:  finds the unix socket for the given path .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  find   a
truth:  get   get

test:  clears the source files .
truth: cache management . 
test:  clear   file
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the value of the volume .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two sequences .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  merge   struct

test:  returns a dictionary with used details .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return average average of a set of tuples .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  return   null
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  context   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  check that arr_from doing returned works as expected and ensure that the answers are correctly .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  null   accepts
truth:  url   url

test:  convert an tag to a field matches .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  reverse   return
truth:  determines   logic

test:  generates a ctypes function for an operation .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  null   functions
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  returns a dict of files to a dict of the generated generated from a dictionary .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   details
truth:  looks   null

test:  get the base directory for extras .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   folder
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   feeditems
truth:  creates   null

test:  run the plotly plotly .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   handle
truth:  shows   shows

test:  create a fake py to be able to depend on one of the web one .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  arg   test
truth:  create   a

test:  along an axis .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  add   role
truth:  function   function

test:  test reading and writing of a file .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  ssh   system
truth:  io   io

test:  test that an existing project cant be removed its code .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   test
truth:  stores   stores

test:  initializes the logging callback to make sure that any work .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  function   function

test:  dumps a dictionary parsed from a string and return a dictionary of yaml pairs .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  format   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  add given env to the last integer .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return trigs events to a graph .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  mask   digital

test:  allow turning results in @roles .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  runs   lift
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth derivative of the second bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  null   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  compute a hash on a given array .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  construct   compute
truth:  computes   a

test:  extracts the first token from the compile extension list .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  like   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   cycle
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that value is less than or equal to integer .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   json
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a list with all the user ids as defined by current_players .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  is   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve info about the named pid .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that an rgb header gets listdir from the header .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  make   copies
truth:  header   header

test:  this function matches a hash digest of a data structure .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  assumes that the absolute size is evaluated .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  null   name
truth:  files   files

test:  setup the users authentication extension .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  configure   install
truth:  let   null

test:  generator that yields a random number generator .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns a list of non-zero expressions of expr in the expression .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  convert   agent
truth:  finds   null

test:  return a dictionary of values .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   validates
truth:  return   a

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  attempt to remove a annotation from a task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  given   task

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  make   null
truth:  escape   a

test:  you can override this fixture to enable the celery logging .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  start the notification server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   a
truth:  notify   notify

test:  checks if a path is a regular file .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  is   test
truth:  if   returns

test:  return the directory of the given python sources .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  list   null
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  convert a path such as returned by grr to the final component directory .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a folder name and a template name .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  return a list of progress data from a vm recursively .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the site site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  coerce differences between two dicts .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split object and put into two list with tags .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  splits   object
truth:  object   object

test:  get or shared axes overlay overlay to a feature_profile parameters axes : sharing sharing sharing sharing sharing the axes axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  copy a source directory to the destination destdir and trying to the destination directory .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  rest controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   group
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  uses a promoted machine to find an creation machine by name and then not these systems .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  server   manager
truth:  checks   in

test:  change which local host to match the given host and password .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  change   null
truth:  password   password

test:  creates a new xml element .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  create   text
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  returns a list of test classes from a given list of test cases .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets the most recent objects of all objects .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of datasets that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a single containing a single assets .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  creates a mixedmodulestore layouts of the current ascii text .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the distribution name from the given string .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  null   null
truth:  print   print

test:  the prefix for the current request .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  this function tests a to see that instantiates a .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  verify   file
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the named host is deleted .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  send   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a datetime .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  convert   in
truth:  call   call

test:  decorate a function that just initialized by beacon .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  finished   connection

test:  try to unpickle language .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  wrap   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  raises a network exception if it already exists .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a server is enabled cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute score one or more 'item' .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  be   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  this function takes a command and applies it to a callable .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  execute   one
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset length length length in get_user() .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  calls page: .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  lookup   up

test:  returns the number of antidivisors count in an integer count .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current site site .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  return   current

test:  decorator for marking that require a given path .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  definition : literal | template .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   definition

test:  output haproxy information .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  fill   process
truth:  output   parameter

test:  implementation of unicode strings using the p .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  assert   a

test:  test emx code storage .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  create   waits
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  return an in-memory workbook as a file .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the leading degree of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a bem flow .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  create   summary
truth:  uses   uses

test:  require a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  a simple little helper function to read and identity css .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  find   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a prepared object .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  place an order amount amount of specified order amount .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  set   distance
truth:  place   place

test:  slice an array and slices 1 along with the elements of a given variable .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  returns the profile model class from the given model .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random adjacency mat .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  place   place

test:  create a database name user name user host the user to connect to connect to connect to connect to connect as password the user host the user host the user
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove modify headers from given entity dict .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  null   output
truth:  output   output

test:  add pillars .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  add   product
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns the name of bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  returns   =
truth:  get   get

test:  run a given violations on the violations of the given node and optionally a new program .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  accepts   field
truth:  runs   runs

test:  release an equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   a
truth:  release   a

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   maximum
truth:  center   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete a server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  shut   null

test:  in the navigation properly formatted and properly fix file for use with _tool .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  ensure   android
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an iterator that may be used by the specified module .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  print   a
truth:  read   a

test:  returns default contact for default contact .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  return   version
truth:  default   default

test:  creates a call to cupy server with the given numpy array .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a simple record(s) for testing .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  generate   flags
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get redis hash value from a redis configuration .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   redis

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all cloud record .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  verify the validity of the object without using the convenient pdf .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  create a naive fastq fastq file and return a mapping containing the form theorem .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  change   a
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  return a random string with seed and seed starting with seed .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the contributions contributions by the given calendar .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  the message: integer is the integer .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   permutation

test:  redirects to the specified job .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert a timestamp string from a datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  skip test unless data is less than or equal to data .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fixture to setup a test case .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  start   display
truth:  has   django

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  null   range

test:  read the pyc file and return the contents .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  return   read
truth:  read   read

test:  convert the data to a total image .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  convert   =
truth:  input   input

test:  compute the tmin decomposition of the mean along an axis .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  extends   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   a
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the member is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the jth of a matrix .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  null   array
truth:  return   a

test:  split a pathname into two canonical tuples .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  fit a single vector of thumbnail_debug .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  fit   distribution
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  uninstall a python python python python python python interpreter .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  fix   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  recursively pack arg to a list .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  arg   stack
truth:  pack   variables

test:  running the "harvest" test with verbosity .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns data for given module .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  return   standard
truth:  module   module

test:  computes node connectivity between all pairs of nodes .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  returns   node
truth:  compute   node

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  show the about the about git about this minion .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  called   calls
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the queryset of all the css dependencies .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  return an iterator over the exceptions of a sequence .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks if uncommitted has any string .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raise an interface to the given error error and log it .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  if   log
truth:  log   log

test:  check if a link is a bad link .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes the given exploration index .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  parse a column and produce a column number .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  checks that a password matches hashed password .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the absolute content to a content tile .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   method

test:  parses a string token into a list of anchor .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  parses   remote
truth:  returns   a

test:  dynamically include files and .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  used   null

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should work with an old style .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  exit   exit

test:  trained types controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a relative creation sequence of sequences that prints the djangos sequence .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  convert   sort
truth:  returns   a

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  plot axes with x .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  null   null

test:  logs a file .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  files   log
truth:  write   a

test:  create an hosts .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  create   redirect
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  this is a debug function that returns the since django .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  generate   a

test:  combines a rss .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  return   return

test:  uses a tornado http client to urlfetch .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns an iterator over all position in a readable list .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  url   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  a view that re-loads protected by the files .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  selects   check
truth:  protected   null

test:  retrieves sort keys/directions keys according to the completions .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  verify that object and yield localizable localizable and non-breaking objects .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   null

test:  return the running running running running running running running profile .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  return   f
truth:  get   get

test:  delete specific options .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  records   null
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  merge two keys in dsk2 .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  adding   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  returns the module or none if no module cant be used .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  module   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  evaluate a group expression using legendre .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  undo the effects .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  samples   undo
truth:  override   override

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  provision flocker on a user .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  create   shortcut
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics html .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  calculate the path to the binary controller .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add the current device to the device extents region .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  null   close
truth:  find   find

test:  convert integer since utc date to integer since the date .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  null   number
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  sets the diffchunkgenerator class used for rendering diffs .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  rabbitmq all the augmented tasks .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  start   swap
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute cluster connectivity .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  compute   p
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  compute univariate polynomial of f .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  construct   up
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper method that does one of the parent of the parent pong! .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define a l1loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  define   a

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   interface

test:  check that certificate is valid and after certificate has valid certificate after certificate .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert classified text into an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  add files in the list .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  files   files

test:  creates a *query entity representing the entity .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  update   null
truth:  make   null

test:  draw a pif function .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  function   gl
truth:  draws   null

test:  gets the number of average str_choices to a softmax .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  get   get

test:  step 2: the same way as evenly .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  verify that the both url belongs to the url .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  null   url
truth:  null   credentials

test:  a list of options to the salt event loop and the salt options .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  calculate   cache
truth:  get   get

test:  check that the ip addresses is a subnet or dictionary .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  check   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read json data from file and return as byte string .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   json

test:  test to ensure that all the data can still be included as expected .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  to   return
truth:  to   test

test:  return the volume tag of a volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  a current site .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  null   site
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument to the whole applications .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  helper to return a multivariate normal matrix .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  compute   hessian
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  check that methods are not mutable .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   log
truth:  check   check

test:  like check_output but always return an html element .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe month : year .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  conditionally sets the current user as defined in the current site .
truth: return env . 
test:  watching   return
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if the specified file exists .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  do a sequence of pairs in a reasonable manner .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  int   attempt
truth:  sort   a

test:  checks to see if the user has permission to access the profile .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  authentication view .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  view   view
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns the default textiowrapper component of a component .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  null   set
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if encoding is installed .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  check to make sure our info have unique info .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  check   null
truth:  help   eeg

test:  function to decide which width lie to 1 .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  null   cone
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all inbound inbound tweets are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  permanently delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the named service is available at boot .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  fit fit .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  calculate   google
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  returns true if current request is successfully .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  view   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  returns true if the alternatives matches the alternatives .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  calculate   loop
truth:  null   strategy

test:  move to the server .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  revoke a user from a administration administration administration .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   view
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project version form view shows the list of detail .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   a
truth:  project   version

test:  extract a protocol from a new-style protocol message .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  make   a

test:  open a path in the database file and return a dictionary with the given header .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  open   implementation
truth:  null   a

test:  get a task object by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  multiplicative_expression : multiplicative_expression times additive_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  returns a random funfact .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a new family containing a given argument .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  map   returns
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic logarithm of a series return the series expansion of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   plugins
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from aliyun stored in the given image .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the destination destination .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  patch   one
truth:  null   null

test:  harami pattern .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  -   pattern
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to a given jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  create the translations plugin for the current python plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  email   logger
truth:  adds   a

test:  use this decorator to create a new method so that the response can use the right attribute to avoid api object .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  wrap   name
truth:  to   helper

test:  close a stream and listen it with the given latitude .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap integer literals with rational .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  string   decimals
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  test to ensure that hugs correctly handles a uuid .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  checks the analysis for the currently active user .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a mock tool combination .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  parse   inspect
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert a resource uri to a path .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if an upgrade version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  verify that an object is the static trans .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  verify   assert
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test arithmetic arithmetic cov .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  show a list of breakpoints .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create an appcontrollerclient database .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   try

test:  update the users query .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  delete   use
truth:  to   job

test:  allow a comment to be performed .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  shared   check
truth:  handle   a

test:  generate adjacency nodes .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  compute   generate
truth:  null   places

test:  generate the files .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  converts   one
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  checks whether the first filter matches the given filters .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  checks   filters
truth:  checks   user

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   slab
truth:  add   groove

test:  elementwise natural logarithm function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  null   x
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  return all databases in the selected database cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a list of topic trees linked to the given course .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that turns a function into a target target .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a boolean value .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  value   a
truth:  return   a

test:  strips all nothing from the game as a list of server ids .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  takes an object and returns a string .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  takes   string
truth:  removes   shell

test:  request to have students for students to a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   request

test:  compute the operator of a reflected operator .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  usage: an ssl client to a given object .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  send   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package with pip same name .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compares two package versions of 2 .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  array   null
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test classification report with dataset .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   classification

test:  we can use this to reverse a dict where each item is a dictionary .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  validates that the users password matches the password .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the db from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of name strings by their id .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  find   find
truth:  scan   scan

test:  a helper function that returns the url for a given country mobile mobile mobile mobile .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  regression test for url .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  test   check
truth:  null   classes

test:  extract fields from log fields .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  upload a public key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  remove   api
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a random k-out random colors .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  take a number of seconds .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  null   val
truth:  return   a

test:  returns timeline for attendance .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test time zone validation .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   register
truth:  test   test

test:  shutdown a running system .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  send   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  detect whether we are supported on windows .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   window

test:  make sure the module can be imported .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  yield sys .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  return   features
truth:  yield   path

test:  get details about a vpc peering connection .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  get   details
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to convert location to a tuple .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  to   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  test plain text .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   null
truth:  colorized   test

test:  serialize obj to a file like configparser .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   null
truth:  serialize   python

test:  convert a binary string to bytes .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  launch position of data .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  make   a

test:  list all registered folders under the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  matching   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the input is related to facebook notifications .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  return gradient of linear gradient function for linear unrestricted .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  url   calculate
truth:  makes   linear

test:  get data view to be used for pyinstaller .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   data
truth:  get   data

test:  helper function to find a dict of metadata trees .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a scipy .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  create bag from many dask array .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  null   bag

test:  a generator of log-conditional-probability .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  time   time

test:  test meta meta data from activated .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  test   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  create a model with a configuration pattern .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  parse   configure
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   import
truth:  to   attempt

test:  computes the unrank unrank .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  gcd   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a directory and symlink info for each shell .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  need   need

test:  checks whether there are present in the kivy file .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensure   verifies
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of the theme names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convenience wrapper to create a dc of legacy data .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  function   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  make sure the user can send to the datastore .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters by project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  execute the wheel module usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  clone a repo .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  combines the output of files in the command .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  get   set
truth:  svn   svn

test:  decorator to make a function out of a testtools .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return this platforms platforms .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  build   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if url can be a explicit domain .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the binary path path .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   access
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a timestamp string into a datetime .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  call the array scores with scores followed by weeks .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  issue   issue

test:  factory that will read and return a request object .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  null   read
truth:  null   factory

test:  index the index .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  profile   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  fix the old path of the extra was invoked with the cluster .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   checks
truth:  fix   fix

test:  migrate the models .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  migrate   structure
truth:  check   guid

test:  sets up the etreefx parameter .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  same as url .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  creates   generator
truth:  null   version

test:  check if path is an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  if   return
truth:  test   wether

test:  test that a report exists .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  test   report
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  list the operation operation on a system cli example: .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  return   distribution
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check if the repository is malicious and changeset revision .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  temporarily change the previous patch to the previous update .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns new incoming .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  get   null
truth:  split   split

test:  check if we are running in the host .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  require a pgsql package to be uninstalled .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  require   null
truth:  package   package

test:  a function to deregister a class with a given class .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  disconnect   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  takes a single node of the current process using network .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  function   usage
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of the given vector .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   z

test:  iterative a job to a clickable .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  return   api
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps that match groups takes them takes them .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the discrete log of a multivariate shanks shanks .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  calculate   version
truth:  null   null

test:  parse results specific to the clade model c .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  results   results
truth:  null   models

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  null   secrets
truth:  null   mode

test:  a decorator that turns all the reduction variables into a single reduction .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  call   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  return an ssh key for the given host or ssl key .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  converts a given node or leaf to a tree .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  returns a list of sets of /etc/shadow clusters .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  performs   null

test:  translate syntax error .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  convert a files from the specified file to a list of literal objects .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  to   parse
truth:  convert   a

test:  to be called to interact with tuples .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  sleeping   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  validates whether a model is valid and can be greater than the given model .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  model   model

test:  use this decorator to expose actions that span more than one entity .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  do   service
truth:  use   use

test:  iterate over iterator symbols .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  exclude   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  check to see if the fetch is consul .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  query   consul

test:  generates a random sample function using http sampling function .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  error   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return the argument specification of the known argument .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if powershell can stderr on powershell .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  convert recurse into their expression .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a copy of the word in s .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  imports imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  print the summary line .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  process   virtual
truth:  print   print

test:  compare two strings by pilight .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  create   a

test:  copy one config .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  use   firewall
truth:  build   docs

test:  prints the usage of this renewablecert .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  usage   stack
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get vault information .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  checks the key type is in the given type .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  load data to start a remote host .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  migrate   fill
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  do arma with rgba rgba for arma process parameters ar : array_like coefficients for degree degree : array_like autoregressive : int number of white coefficients for arma : int number
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  create   filter
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  returns the name of the pid .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   return
truth:  name   name

test:  a factory for creating a repository .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   current

test:  get a list of user exists in which a database is created .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   virtual
truth:  return   return

test:  execute all the types that are unique in a list .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  datacenter: -> list of all the mchoicefield classes into a datacenter: instance .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  creates   new
truth:  null   method

test:  start a machine by name .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a shell comand .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  run   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  resolves a dict of system metadata to their answer code and returns a dictionary of values .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  scroll   helper
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  updates a datetime to a datetime for the given user .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  updates   matplotlib
truth:  records   records

test:  parse command line comments .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  returns   command
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the sigmoid sigmoid kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   project
truth:  compute   compute

test:  factory function for creating a cffi pointer for a cffi function .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  detach the process .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  detach   app
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a user using its name .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  test   user

test:  returns the description of a feed .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  disable all settings for the current machine .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  module   mount
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a given object .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  given a launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  check   check

test:  ranking-based function to lowess the vector of order using the lowess function .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  array   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  initialize   generate
truth:  null   networking

test:  returns the directory of the used logs .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  set   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  take a path to a manipulationfunction .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  take   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  collects a set of computation and step_id sizes .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  saves   parameters
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the windows computer number :return: boolean indicating whether the computer number .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  configure   hosts
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a qt integer to a set of numbers .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert data into a set of non-nested .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decodes   action
truth:  decode   a

test:  given a separate formdata and boundary .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  encode   a

test:  deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructtimestampassetid" .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  update   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup the binary sensors .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return true if the list of upageviews revisions is a list of all upageviews .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  only works on windows systems with the pki module available .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  works   works
truth:  set   set

test:  construct a version header representing a list of bytes with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   history

test:  returns the currently active request instance .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  return   get
truth:  to   helper

test:  context manager to temporarily create a debug debug level .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  change   change

test:  restart the named service .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  is   null

test:  restrict input type to positive between 0 and 1 .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  truncates   return
truth:  input   input

test:  wait to wait to wait .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  wait   ctrl
truth:  make   null

test:  this creates a new warning .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  creates   information
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  register a new format plugin for the given alias .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  calling domain through domain and returns a list of domain names .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  add   a
truth:  registers   new

test:  takes a setting that may not exist for a setting .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  input   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return an integer stored in a cookie stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up the modbus sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should extract tabular step correctly into tabular step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  prints a tree to the current window .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup the binary sensor .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clears internal cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  determine if a fixed set to be used .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  generates spherical polynomial bessel polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  register   sample
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  get the http auth url .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  return   return
truth:  try   try

test:  read data from a byte file and return as byte string .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  validates whether parameters passed to be a argsort function .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  diff   validates
truth:  if   categorical

test:  loads and returns the request .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a str containing ssh-key bytes .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  null   name
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  return a images .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  return   avatar
truth:  load   load

test:  rough the current line on the given column .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  rewrite   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the current user cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   null
truth:  change   a

test:  create a association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  step with text .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  null   step
truth:  step   step

test:  creates a network service .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test reading a tab at detection .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  to   version
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value of a function or a clip with a clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  function   set
truth:  if   null

test:  check that we have multiple randperm .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the name of the untracked files for each git .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove interfaces bound to a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  flatten a set of cherrypy objects .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  if not expired for closed closed tuples .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return test testsuite testsuite .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if the object is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  shows the list of locales .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  display   a
truth:  null   locale

test:  disconnect signals that are hdmi_edid_file in the signals .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   custom
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  similar to escape() .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  return   set
truth:  null   null

test:  pick a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  find   copies
truth:  read   a

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  list   virtual
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  returns a default structure of default stim types .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  null   register
truth:  default   stim

test:  returns the specified cache .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  remove   filters
truth:  clear   null

test:  add a call to the :term:view support url .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  make a single ast object for an ast .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  to   null
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep without function .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  sleep   sleep
truth:  put   put

test:  verify that the collection is a sorted .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   check

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  connected connected index for sinusoidal .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  creates   a

test:  update global config in the running ending .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  check if the current vcenter connection is a vcenter server .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   test

test:  symmetric output-less on the comment comment .
truth: from url . 
test:  count   null
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribe to a user .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  model   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  source   remove
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  a generalized insertionsort .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  register a service in the current format .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  filelink: warning should not occur when passed .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  test   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  compute eigenvector centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a timezone .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  update   status
truth:  time   time

test:  takes path and images model and check that they are 3 .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  using   scale
truth:  -   -

test:  remove senderkey from the senderkey .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   download
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete a key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return the package id for the given package id or name if such is invalid .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  is it a pathname .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   return

test:  test user to delete a user .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  default   default

test:  chown a user id and login for the given group .
truth: same as os . 
test:  int   process
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstalls one or more packages if not already deactivated .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  package   one
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send email after purchase invoice with purchase invoice .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  provides the device to the process data for a process .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  load named backend to a new backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  create   function
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure we can tokenize without we can tokenize up to .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure that its possible to easily read the multipart multipart files .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  to   test
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  create an autoscaler in the given policy .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if user can download report .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   tests

test:  check that a pycuda operator matches one elemwise op .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a process version of string .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  string   a
truth:  process   a

test:  create an attribute into a which looks like a direct class .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  map the given mapping mapping file to the list of inputs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  map   null
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  execute a specific image of an image verbose verbose : boolean verbose verbose verbose : boolean toggle verbose verbose search verbose .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  current numeric server info .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get the complex with collide collide .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  run hdd .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  run   product
truth:  control   control

test:  return a string representation of the screen .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  returns cluster sizes using mlab .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  to   try
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a version string representing the review version as a human-readable string .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that presents a inits to docker docker .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  a function to apply to a newly node .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  check   view
truth:  apply   apply

test:  check whether two number are equal .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  return   iterator
truth:  if   check

test:  return whether the users user exists .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string that can be used to make a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  text   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if a file is a symlink .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the amount of seconds since the packet .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize bookmark completions .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  add group type access to the group .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  associate   group
truth:  access   access

test:  return the path to the users home directory .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  to   try
truth:  return   return

test:  get the cacert cacert object .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   label
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a text directive of a tree of text .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid tuple .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  generates the activation function for binary configs .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find a by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  remove any file .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  view to edit a group .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  to   view
truth:  to   view

test:  set a website on the minion .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  set   null
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  exclude event components .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  close   exclude
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find metadata .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network inventory information .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   network
truth:  print   print

test:  get a new config file and will not use .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  return   api
truth:  validate   validate

test:  determine if the instance is an instance of the given object .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  transform a pythonpath frame .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will translate the string through the current template tags .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  use   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get all notifications for the given user .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  null   notifications

test:  shortcut for upper should work on a python space .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  a demonstration of :func:gettext .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  error   null
truth:  verify   signature

test:  converts a nested field path to a dotted field path .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  input   a
truth:  used   null

test:  responds to the user headers .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  to   try
truth:  ask   null

test:  compute subresultant checksum in a hyperexpand matrix by one over the given amount of a function .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  is   replace
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the current process status .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  read the nih image from file and return as numpy array .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   tag
truth:  read   read

test:  returns list of groupings within a list of block within the given list of block groups .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  list   convenience
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove any file in the folder .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  gets due date on given posting date or publishes date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  set   set

test:  this check calls a database to convert it to a configuration file .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  sets   vcs
truth:  function   function

test:  returns about about the versions of the user .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  shows   shows

test:  converts a datetime to a timestamp .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  creates the current language for the given context .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  send   attribute
truth:  to   value

test:  create if the current process with a markers or a multiprocessing thread .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  a little helper for present .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  config   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf failure .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  context manager that yields a path for a given directory .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  provide local engine for the current test cases .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  null   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  parses a module and returns a dictionary .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  replace   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   utility
truth:  compute   a

test:  given a list of courses instances .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  checks if the file is used to access the current environment .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  return a function which returns none if it doesnt exists .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   alias
truth:  function   function

test:  create a tree tree in a node tree .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  null   null
truth:  display   display

test:  ensure the named target is present with the specified target .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   a

test:  create a secret string for a file type and return it .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorator for methods that require that a container id to be rendered on the target node .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  assures   null

test:  return a schema frame .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a list of flags .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  dump info about prefix .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  msg   null
truth:  dump   info

test:  make sure the operators will be added .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  to   check
truth:  assert   assert

test:  update email address as new email address .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  enable   enable

test:  deprecated version string .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  set   configure
truth:  implement   null

test:  update cloudpipe .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  ssh   details
truth:  update   update

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  calculates a batch of images using an sample image .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  count   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a tool shed repository record on the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  image stays the same image .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  resize   promo

test:  jpeg data in jfif format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  split a closed line into a cache line .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  splits   check
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the eq-3 ble sensors .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   register
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  extract the set of fields from a dict as a dict .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to write metadata to file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  function   function

test:  auth request .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  get   information
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is not loaded the tipc module is not loaded the tipc module .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  decorate a function to become tests .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  chained   a

test:  drop a list of file keys .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  boolean   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  set preprint based on the api .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  set   demonstration
truth:  populate   populate

test:  ensure the profile user is created when the profile is created .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  break   argument
truth:  null   conversion

test:  convert a file system path to a native device .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  escapes   print
truth:  escape   escape

test:  select *k* points from an undirected individuals .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  load a dataset from a database or a list of "or"d .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  get   a
truth:  load   observatory

test:  writes the message to the log file using the given message .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  skips skips .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  msg   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  cleanup flowgrams in the path .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  make   flowgrams
truth:  clean   a

test:  create a function by name .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  build   decorator
truth:  create   astroid

test:  retrieves the content .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a nice function .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  call   null
truth:  print   a

test:  use a correlation to return the correlation of two arrays .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  null   function
truth:  convolve   x

test:  determine if the input data is a multilabel or y .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  short   null
truth:  if   check

test:  remove files needed to remove the filesystem .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  remove   file
truth:  recursive   null

test:  try to run all vispy modules .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  given   return
truth:  import   import

test:  detect if the argument is a part of a part of a part of a part of the .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  test that a wheel can be subclassed .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  rolls back a transaction .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   function
truth:  rolls   back

test:  function for computing the fspecial coefficient .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  using   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute deltas onto the targets targets .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  given   ground

test:  kill a process and name .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  kill   entry
truth:  null   routine

test:  blend two images .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  computes   coordinates
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  return the reciprocal of two generalized vectors .
truth: compute np . 
test:  convert   product
truth:  compute   np

test:  write a network file to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  get path from the beginning of the loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  train sparse matrices with sparse multiplied by default pyos_inputhook .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  test   check
truth:  check   check

test:  view function to do the results of an existing request .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate setup for all annotated items .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  null   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return a list of completions for the given guid and type .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   info

test:  return the user copy of a desktop .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create a custom tags for a given layout .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  make   a
truth:  take   a

test:  parse a dictionary containing the form and return a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get page context info .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the system encoding by the encoding and locale .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete a bookmark object by name out the bookmark device .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  delete   usage
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the contents of a adjective or lower case .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  labels   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  forces utf8 variable name to make it usable in a valid python identifier .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get the current secret .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  returns   zip
truth:  get   appscale

test:  parses a data tree and returns a end flag .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  split   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  normalize the data type .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  normalize   parent
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create a track function that implements the specified request .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  is   a
truth:  make   a

test:  convert a uid .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a security app .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  host string for an objects .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  list   function
truth:  return   a

test:  dedent the virtual environment .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  simulates a user to become a json user .
truth: list all users . 
test:  null   json
truth:  list   list

test:  waits for a job to return the redis worker .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  wait   craft
truth:  raise   null

test:  compare two strings and lae: .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  to   helper

test:  write a human-readable tree to a file .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  generate command with given corrected .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  sorted   null

test:  computes the white white between two independent arrays .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  computes   statsmodels
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  compute a hash for a file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quote text for inserting into a shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  null   alternative
truth:  text   text

test:  get authentication token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  null   info
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a nuttall window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if the tp is 0 .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator that logs a message .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  echo   null
truth:  is   null

test:  iterate over corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  helper function to split the data into a list of groups .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  compile   masking
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for retrying functions which need to run a function .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  does   func
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  return a dictionary of a list of default options for the given options .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   type

test:  an application which will sign if a file .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  get a specific engine connection .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the object as a unicode string .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  search for releases and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  plot a single variable using matplotlib/tk .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  show   a
truth:  plot   a

test:  create a adam consensus to match the given trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  search   search

test:  finds all packages within the path .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression arrow id .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  pop the context from the current thread .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  indentation   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   measurement

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk size and sorted size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  shortcut   password
truth:  get   get

test:  sets up a timezone string in the given format .
truth: factory function . 
test:  set   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get an organization by its name .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  null   api

test:  simply return input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   identity

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple wrapper that returns a condition as a condition .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  null   a

test:  return the optional item of a key .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  matching   return
truth:  if   null

test:  a template tag that returns the csrf token .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  sign   view
truth:  context   processor

test:  loads the given service id and return the default uid .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the file output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  read and return sock until sock has sock .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  input   null
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the list of apps that are better on the system .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  return   a

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get subscription information .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   subscription

test:  system information to be ipv6 to add ipv6 addresses for a given system .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  accepts   filters
truth:  rules   rules

test:  accepts a buffer and returns a buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  add users to database .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  create   users
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate an md5 digest of the hash algorithm .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  compute   multiple
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   context
truth:  create   a

test:  create a hash of data from a step .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  return   data
truth:  convert   strings

test:  returns the current function .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   return
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate python source node where self is a javascript node .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a trivial file is no given no items .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a url .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   data
truth:  escape   a

test:  convert a string to an integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  given   decode
truth:  converts   a

test:  determine if all elements in seq are equal .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   os

test:  log a message .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  function   function
truth:  test   test

test:  create a security group .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  create new interactive window if the users should be initialized .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot a search .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  reboot   one
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_var_name* .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  update   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a volume object in the volume .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the object is mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module from a module instances .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  poweroff a running system with no timeout or *all* cli example: .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  null   power

test:  add linear labels for a set of images after a mapping .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the absolute path of a pathname .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  order   desktop
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  checks to see if a list exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  find the greedy policy .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  find   inverse
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic-choice a string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check array-like running images for certain images .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a generator for iterables of a thing .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a version string using the /proc/net/* version .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  return   a
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop enquiry section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   service
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  returns the repr of the objects .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether the specified table is in the specified nftables table .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a url to the current request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  converts   url
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated string .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  temperature   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  returns the set of values that are none in the given list .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  helper for setting button to be used by consumers .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  null   null
truth:  hide   hide

test:  return a copy of item to a list .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  to   copy
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  return a byte-string version of s .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  s   null
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  provide a namespace tree for an ecliptic tree .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  split   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute latapy clustering .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   a

test:  unsolve an answer .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  handle   checks
truth:  accept   accept

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a list of available items .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  list   view
truth:  template   template

test:  export the format according to format .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  export   method

test:  return a dictionary for the url .
truth: process part . 
test:  mapping   use
truth:  process   part

test:  converts camel-case style names into a valid filename in a like names .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  unicode   in
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  tries to split the best into the outputs .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  split   call
truth:  null   partition

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  calls the given consumer .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  change   update
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that given db'] is present in the database .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  when a process fails .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  try to find out the elements of a given class .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   validate
truth:  import   a

test:  test against an empty block .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the string .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  allocate a pair of the source_string result to be used by consumers .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  convert an absolute path to a condition .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   bucket

test:  read flat parameters from .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   rejection
truth:  read   read

test:  runs flaky as a job .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  retry   run
truth:  wrap   a

test:  provides the analysis jail jail jail .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with col starts with col delimiters .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  null   table
truth:  null   table

test:  returns a storage object with the get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a integer with the given number of characters .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  turn an iterable of unique values into a list of unique values .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a template to a template with any extra url .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  using   a
truth:  render   a

test:  test reading variable with a variable containing variable .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   check

test:  remove user tab tab for the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert string into a null-terminated string .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  s   null
truth:  extract   slug

test:  returns size size in a given request dict .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  returns   error
truth:  get   page

test:  prints all the information for each header in all the header .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  extracts websocket .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  send   request
truth:  to   try

test:  initialize the main version of the script .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  compute the jacobian matrix for prediction of a system .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  obtain vendor from show version information .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  remove the trace and renames .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  shut   input
truth:  quit   null

test:  update an api request .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  do   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder labeled when they dont exist .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the maximum number of characters in the list .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  view function that handles a password .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  sets   view
truth:  view   view

test:  create a configuration file and generate importer and exporter configuration .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  create a swarm and interface to a swarm directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  context   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return the indices of all lpol coefficients .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  null   representation

test:  module function to recreate a password hash .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  determine the menu menu for the menu .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  url   map
truth:  shows   a

test:  calculate the number of times that are within the given numba .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  return   escape
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the pool pool for the current thread .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  get   null
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  return the trivial trivial graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object looks like an item in a terminal .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   relational_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  check that vlog() is only used for defining a logging level .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test copy of append files .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  test   test

test:  opens and returns a temporary file .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  returns   -
truth:  given   grep

test:  construct a configuration from etcd .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  patches   null
truth:  config   config

test:  return a boolean depending on whether the given string is a dictionary .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  string   escape
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for media type .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  search   search

test:  checks that the user is in the command line .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  check   a
truth:  drops   drops

test:  fixture providing a fake api client for api calls .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  fixture   run
truth:  patches   patches

test:  unmount a running system cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  execute the system restorecon for the path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a boolean stating whether the script should be run .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  set the log level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a mode from the current course .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  add   a

test:  model a case with a translated segment .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  registers   hex
truth:  model   a

test:  return true if the given agent is a buggy agent .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   css

test:  check that the given fields is editable .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  checks   test
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns value decoded from dbms specific hexadecimal representation .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  value   value
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  diag(d) implementation of the prde power series .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  associate verifying by email address .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  return   user

test:  converts a unicode string argument to a python function .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  encode   unicode
truth:  if   python

test:  returns a tuple of ssh work on ssh .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the snmp setting from a snmp string as a snmp string .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  disable paging of the paging .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   router

test:  get a dict of all zones and their api key .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  get   version
truth:  show   current

test:  detect if a given file is found in the scrapyd .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  finds   redirect
truth:  return   return

test:  marks the current context as wanting and sets it to the current context object .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  use   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the correct content for a cached location .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  content   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return true if the given cookie looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  counts the number of numbers .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  count   array
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  normalize an array or logical elements of an array .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  turn   array
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute the circular variance for samples assumed to be in an array parameters samples : array_like input array .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  calculate   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the fixed ip .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  allocate   null

test:  get the number of doubles in a tensor .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  list   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  build a descriptor for enum class .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks that the header and returns a dict .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  marks a function as a view .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  view   view
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable a vm by name cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   check
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test an unknown completion for unknown unknown shell .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  warning   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  decorator to ensure the specified aggregate exists .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a dersequence object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a ascii string .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function actually return the list of features .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an expectation representation of the given expression .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wraps text to a single paragraph .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  install a certificate to a keychain keychain the keychain to install the keychain to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  restart the named traffic server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  uninstall   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  prints command name to stderr .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  display   command
truth:  command   command

test:  module function to decrypt the given hash .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  decrypts   input
truth:  based   null

test:  generate a fake registration instance in the system .
truth: register the device . 
test:  update   show
truth:  register   register

test:  compute data in a set of end .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  hash   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access to the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns shortest path length from source to target in a weighted graph g .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the currently-active feature .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  get   sys
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a fake team with the given team and direction .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  to   calculate
truth:  fake   fake

test:  a factory to start and run a tcp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete containers in the network device .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   containers

test:  the module that works with the passed name .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  return   package
truth:  return   return

test:  take a decorator as a decorator that converts a given class into a *fail_condition* decorator .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  returns   decorator_from_middleware
truth:  given   a

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  preferred   version
truth:  merge   merge

test:  parses a all elements from a node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge one or more *seqs into another .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  delete a metadef object or raise if it already exists .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the xblocks id for the specified xblock id for the specified xblock .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  allows you to verify that an auth function is exempt .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  null   flag
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli example: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  to   one
truth:  grant   one

test:  import and return a module to a module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  use this process to provide the resource and stderr .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  returns   manager
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply a constant by a constant in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   multiplication
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should extract regular steps into a step step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decompress input string for the matrices matrices .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  given   handle
truth:  ask   null

test:  get the arp ip address from a given source to a host .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve information on the device .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   quota
truth:  enable   quota

test:  get whether remote events on or off :return: a string of events :rtype: on whether remote events :rtype: on return a string cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  compute the trimmed determination standard deviation .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  null   function
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress information section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  generate   section
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  function   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  attempt to strip off normal color and last duration of a base structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  removes   strip
truth:  optimized   null

test:  calculate the output for a function .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type 6 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  return the selected server in mongodb .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  function   information
truth:  null   api

test:  sends an sms number .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  send   send
truth:  sends   null

test:  use this function to create an exponential delay .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ip address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  is   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrap notes when the notes should first checking .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  to   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica twice .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   warnings
truth:  running   running

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test if a test decorator is true .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach the user story story to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  update version information for the aws release and revision .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   version

test:  logs a fact to a analytics strategy .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  track   view
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering change section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  get   launch
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ global address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of word .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  function   summary
truth:  score   score

test:  return a solves that solves the underlying urls with numeric urls .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with two pixels around the pixel to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  square   square
truth:  square   square

test:  return true if command is running otherwise .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  create an element with an element and renders it with the given element .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  if   waits
truth:  click   click

test:  return a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  this function implements the data .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  return   null
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a generator of all up staff by queryset .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  iterate through type fields in fields .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  iterate   null

test:  returns whether the requesting_user of studio is marked as a list of scrapy .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  theano function for theano fgraph .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  make   replace
truth:  simplify   a

test:  hash -> hash arguments: user : ldap user password : dict .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  decodes a entity_pb .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  update   read
truth:  prepares   null

test:  x: a theano variable y: a theano variable expr: a theano expression involving x and y x_value: a numpy value y_value: a numpy value .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test with error rounded function .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   gl
truth:  using   test

test:  cast value into a boolean .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  parse   parse

test:  write the packet .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  create and update the example file .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  null   file
truth:  takes   a

test:  runs a cinder command .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  predefined   return

test:  ensure the named job is absent .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  register   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  to   attempts
truth:  read   a

test:  delete the specified pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  function   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  monkey-patch a placeholder environment .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  de-allocate a floating ip .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  join a graph g .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test bootstrap options .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  attributes   config
truth:  is   null

test:  function that measures the target entropy for each target in the target .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a class including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  x loss model .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  null   results
truth:  computes   null

test:  use a list of all values in sequence order .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  get all policy from a user .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use this decorator to clean any output messages that are loaded .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find a simple dict for the given item .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   null
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test serie as a none chart with a dotted serie .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   legend
truth:  test   classes

test:  helper to format a list of regions to a specific number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  null   search
truth:  find   find

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  plot a network data as a dictionary of vectors for each image .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  is   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  split a string into a list of {expression}s .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a string to a string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  takes   print
truth:  print   print

test:  encoder only .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  encode   helper
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns the size of the device size .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if the user is access to the user .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create node set .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  bind an internal clause to a given type .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  creates   v
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a np .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds a gaussian distribution to track the data .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  null   error
truth:  generate   generate

test:  takes a soundcloud filename and returns a _schema object .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  fixture providing a readlinebridge .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  null   routes
truth:  returns   a

test:  reads the contents of a template file .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  find the host from the xenapi host reference .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   return

test:  returns place possible list of possible items .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   http

test:  validate a json result .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  checking   response
truth:  given   null

test:  write graph g as a single-line formated formated graph g to multiline list of edges .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   null

test:  given a cookie .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  returns   date
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake config stub object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the nma notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   get

test:  return directory list all python packages found within directory where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the alternating group of order n as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clears   filter
truth:  clear   null

test:  error handler for callback .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  extracts   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the line number for the given file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  is   python
truth:  compute   md5

test:  looks for a line .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  get the keys of a given object as a dict .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects faces in the file located in the file .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   format
truth:  detects   faces

test:  returns a list of functions used to get a table .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a datetime object for unix timestamp .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  creates new minimal point to the minimal thread .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  creates   f
truth:  create   a

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  read stuff from a document tree .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  post   compare
truth:  replace   replace

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  bans   a
truth:  ignores   a

test:  returns a random job after leading up to represent the leading prefix .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks that d is an iterable of percent .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parses fasta units .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write the string to a file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  return true if the given file descriptor is a zipfile .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  compare   check
truth:  see   null

test:  internal method for page_title to pyopenssl .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  gets   sending
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return the matrix to mntd .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  usage   version
truth:  mean   mean

test:  return indent hint list for each line .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  testing with double quotes snippets .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  revoke panel in panel .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   flag
truth:  revoke   task

test:  return a set of attributes of the attribute dictionary .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a python command .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  using   a
truth:  start   a

test:  allow social auth to invoke social login .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   handler
truth:  load   current

test:  checks that the test needs to be logged .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  raises   null

test:  if a bug with data values for a column .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  read   input
truth:  null   null

test:  mock m method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   return
truth:  mock   mock

test:  parse a log file and return a dictionary of all spaces .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  null   order
truth:  parses   parses

test:  disables a space or a space .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  add   set
truth:  populate   populate

test:  return an md5 hash of a given string .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  cast an argument to a string or a python value .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  null   characters
truth:  to   attempts

test:  retrieve a timestamp string for a time in milliseconds .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  renders a template .
truth: show django . 
test:  renders   context
truth:  show   django

test:  whether or not the path is within the same dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  return   path
truth:  detect   null

test:  run a function in a similar way .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  null   get
truth:  given   a

test:  language: pt-br -> language class with french "pt-br" .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  ensure   name
truth:  null   fr

test:  build a roll .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  creates   python
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion motion motion motion motion motion by given order and derivative motion motion .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  convert   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  setup logging for the script .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  initialize   configure
truth:  logging   logging

test:  return the progress element given a path to the toppath file path .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  return   file
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of labels .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  normalized   null
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  congestion change section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  accept   docstring
truth:  control   control

test:  return default and existing handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   handlers

test:  returns the user and password for the current user .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   user

test:  generate a valid string of salt_chars characters .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  move to the mixed history .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  polygon   null
truth:  search   search

test:  return the bom file for a given cache .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  djangos   page
truth:  default   default

test:  runs quick on a shell .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  null   a

test:  rrc822 a string containing a 128-bit message .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  null   messages
truth:  return   a

test:  test installing from a pypi file .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  test   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  decorator to check if the stack is a tenant .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   multipart
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a list of instance sizes based on the instance .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  sorts   sorting
truth:  null   method

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the log of the absolute maximum likelihood .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalizes   normalize
truth:  normalize   x

test:  returns a static filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  null   method

test:  profile line using musicbrainz second mean .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a unicode string to a unicode string .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the file is compilable .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get current capitalized .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  check mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   structure
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  performs a permission requests check for the given object .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  executes a command line prompt .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  like   like

test:  statement : bad&rule .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  return the attribute of the assuming .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  builds   convert
truth:  null   field

test:  return a version string from the data file .
truth: return major . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load an object from file .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if primer allowed allowed allowed allowed to handle primer transaction .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if a particular view should be created .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the boolean value of the elementnode in v .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  null   bivariate
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  return an iterator over a file descriptor .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  if   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve metadata for a response from a master window for a given master .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  query   check
truth:  find   find

test:  join a series of segmentation .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  join   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  finds the class for the given class or alias or alias or if it is called .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  detect if rdp is some stuff in the same cache directory .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  files   path
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new record .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  query   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reading source and target filter .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  test   source
truth:  create   a

test:  yield the .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  write   null
truth:  generate   info

test:  return whether the tool has a datasource xml character .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the draft as a draft with the given category .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  module   module

test:  check if system coefficients are then t by scipy .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  check   runs
truth:  check   check

test:  issue a warning .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  update   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  apply the natural sort of a collection .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  splits   parse
truth:  applies   a

test:  check if configs is configured in the system .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  if   checks

test:  initializes the theme class for migration .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big ip datagram and convert it to a pair of gumbel .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  return a list of module names containing all tests .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  structured   validates
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get element from a nested list .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  return   a
truth:  nested   get

test:  parse a matrix of policy and return them as tuple .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  parses   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  return a unique integer id .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  map   map

test:  lock a file descriptor .
truth: lock file . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  file   file

test:  computes a new hash with the given hash algorithm and access to the file .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  obj   calculation
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the coordinate grid for a given instance .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add suffix to given suffix object .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  add   add
truth:  returns   a

test:  change the new home directory to use for a new user .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  change   change

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return a human readable string .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns composite transform for a given arguments .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  get   null
truth:  create   a

test:  add an element to the list table .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  filter   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a dict containing all keys in list .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  sort   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates that the default value is a default widget .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  empty   environment
truth:  to   null

test:  cut all pending projects by their sources .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  post   assert
truth:  return   a

test:  compare two images using two images .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compute   compute

test:  checks that a string is valid .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verifies   attempt
truth:  verify   a

test:  direct the lists .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   process
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a appinfo .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  load   a

test:  replace api-version .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  move   item
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for the application to finish .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  func   func

test:  unpack lines .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an host device backend .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  validate a validator value .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  used   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the description for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment details view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an unused port on localhost on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to exit update its name or exit cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  open   function
truth:  take   null

test:  return length of length ascii characters .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  construct   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function for taking a little item from content id and return it .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  fetch   function
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generate a set of points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generate   plot
truth:  points   points

test:  creates a new breadcrumbs from a breadcrumbs .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   categories

test:  get loop area of the loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a random integer value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a data and fills format string .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to unpickle a given object .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  to   function

test:  yield recwarn instances .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  run a tablespace .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  change   summary
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  change the channel by offsets and labels .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm events file and return as list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   filter
truth:  read   lsm

test:  return the working directory of the given cache .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   current

test:  preload the delay delay .
truth: get streams . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  get   streams

test:  formats the byte units for human readable units .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  format   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require system .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  compute two ratio of two independent samples .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  allow   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if a given tour is currently complete .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  given the description of a row-matrix .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  count   return
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a url is a language patterns .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simulates polynomial of the first kind .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  null   numbers

test:  send a message to hipchat api .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  send   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  create a new request to a thread .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a valid name for the given number of script .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper formatting formatting to get user and project .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  a wrapper that uses canonicalize to canonicalize the url .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  like   appends
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  a erfa helper for erfa .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  check   convenience
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a device is blk .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  test   return
truth:  check   check

test:  validates that key names in the list of key names .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  provide the hfa for the hfa filter on :owner/:repository .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse a given string into a default host string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  restart the boot service .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  boot   shutdown
truth:  boot   boot

test:  constructs a dictionary structure from the file system .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  return   output
truth:  load   graph

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig uuid specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   reference
truth:  get   reference

test:  differentiate and evaluate a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   null
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  constrained   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  set the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a single single object for given doctype .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  get the path to the current characters of a volume .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   get

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  determine if the ip address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  show the javascript fiff .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  print   print
truth:  show   show

test:  check if a block contains a special characters .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  add new item to the list of items .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  return html path of the given html file .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  map   a

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in the same section .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   default_data
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of dicts .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  object   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list all python packages found in directory where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the same thing as x and dtype .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  convert   linear
truth:  like   like

test:  get the float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  install or upgrade zfs .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   docstring
truth:  install   zfs

test:  add a organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create the ways in an earlier test .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  use   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether the specified flash are day are visible to download a graph .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  remove   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  milestone add .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   milestone

test:  returns a dict of out of whether each parsed in the consumer .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  short   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  wrap a constraint for a errors or id .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  default zone .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  default   default

test:  calling i .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  gather   sparse
truth:  compute   compute

test:  converts the etree element to a particular subscription subscription .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  convert   parse
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload working to an installed command .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   zfs
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test a timedelta with a timedelta training training .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   user
truth:  test   a

test:  derivative of itertools .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  null   greyscale
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch a remote refs from the remote server .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  list   helper
truth:  objects   objects

test:  widen the preface file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  checks if the python source code runs on python source code .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  check   checking
truth:  source   source

test:  returns the audio rank for the given appropriate rank .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  get   calculate
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of paths to be used in a sample .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  create   office
truth:  get   get

test:  ask for a filename to be used .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  cast an integer to an int .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper to flatten a variable from a dict .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  list   a
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  recursive function for common end of two terms .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  name   null
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a node from the current existing node .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  to   null
truth:  destroy   session

test:  gets the list of named graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a glance image url for the given image .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns the value of the elements of list .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an image to a network input and downscales it as the normalized input .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  calculate   converts
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  completes the contents of the python line .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  based   null
truth:  based   null

test:  create a bound class for a given function .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  generate   helper
truth:  null   magic

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch device backend .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  set   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  get and display the user lists for clients clients .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  launch and force an endpoint .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  switch   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a tensor is large .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  test for markdown file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a file with a random system .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  to   send
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  retrieve all system roles for the provided system .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compute the agefilter and adds more information to a given array .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  return   null
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract the message .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  checks whether the reverse of the provided arguments matches the given request and match the result of the route .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  existing   handles
truth:  to   null

test:  return a random number of size size that can be used to randomly a numpy array .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns true if given stream is a csv file .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new instance .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find a change of git support for the git checkout .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  determines   command
truth:  git   git

test:  allow turning on old datetimes w/ a new-style month .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  casts   null
truth:  to   test

test:  implement nrt_meminfo_data_fast function to convert a module to the given module argument .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   multiple
truth:  define   a

test:  set a key/value pair in memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  regression test for url .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of degrees of all node data in a list .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test missing argument when .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  missing   test
truth:  show   show

test:  a template tag for parsing token keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  null   check
truth:  based   null

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  to   url
truth:  return   a

test:  make a queue size .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch changes from a working directory .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  checkout   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  logs an appstats episode .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  log   history

test:  prints command and logout to the login .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  control   point
truth:  using   testing

test:  takes a user and returns the system headers .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  call   call

test:  returns the distance between a and a tuple .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{set} dictionary .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  downgrade assets db by removing the auto_close_date column .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  get   filtering
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  a square square .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  seeks a box to a particular audio stream .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  called   null

test:  usage: {% page_permissions page as active url .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  null   hits
truth:  usage   usage

test:  inject tags into a custom tags .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  injects   null

test:  test no output with a merge bundle .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  null   app
truth:  missing   a

test:  merge c{g}s from docstring into inputs: inputs: .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  marks   c{g}s
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update the named user with the given user .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  update   update
truth:  config   config

test:  helper function for checking whether the user has active access to the course .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  check   check
truth:  function   function

test:  used by other job when passed to str .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   builder

test:  determine if the directory is in a unix directory .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  if   path
truth:  given   a

test:  create a double double frame .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   a

test:  look up a class by name and return a class .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  url   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve retrieve quotas associated with given quotas and user .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  listen   return
truth:  called   method

test:  sets the gpu fraction for an gpu fraction .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  configures   sess
truth:  set   set

test:  if the document is a double version .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  make   remove
truth:  append   append

test:  calculate the user info changed on a group .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  adjust   sparse
truth:  null   groups

test:  return the sum of the elements of an iterable object .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the host size of a host memory buffer .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   color
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dll name to a dll and converts the identifier to a dll value .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  convert   args
truth:  convert   dll

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  filter items in a particular predicate to name specified in argparser .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  ensures   create
truth:  filter   filter

test:  reload the make sure the given request was loaded .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   new

test:  clebsch test for a given matrix .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return a message object .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a continuous random variable with a frechet distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the name of the backend handling this backend .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  backend   backend

test:  return a subset of images for each images in the specified images .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  convert   inverse
truth:  determines   null

test:  removes a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  refresh   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  get the private key for the given key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  return   comparison
truth:  get   comparison

test:  gets all number of groups that are present in g .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a profile id for a service id .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  traverses   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  nice join to a sequence .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  paragraphs   a
truth:  join   join

test:  checks the bound limit is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts an arbitrary comma-separated comma-separated into a comma-separated python objects representing its corresponding descriptor .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  set   data
truth:  set   set

test:  run a single two functions .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  perform   vm
truth:  run   run

test:  find a unique id for a given prefix .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  supplied   null

test:  restrict forward to a forward process .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  copy   eeg
truth:  restrict   null

test:  emit emit emit .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   variable
truth:  read   traffic

test:  generate a new addon application for the given addon .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   create

test:  set the default logging handler for an operation .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  do   normalize
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  retrieve the discovery doc .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the elements of a and address .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  render a template with its callable as a callable .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  register   token
truth:  create   a

test:  return an iterator over a type of type type .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  returns   field
truth:  get   a

test:  create windows and paths differ after all .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  creates   path
truth:  create   create

test:  sorts a list of dicts by fs size in g .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  null   partitions
truth:  sort   sort

test:  check if ufunc is a cast connectivity for numpy type .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   variant

test:  download an existing video file and force it to the proper location .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test edf annotations with edf .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  username   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return absolute path to module .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  if   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a project object .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   server
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  calculate the amount of dates for a given numeric period .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  split   network
truth:  return   return

test:  get eip describe device describe by one domain .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  update   gateway
truth:  error   error

test:  return the storage repository to hold vm images .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  tests   download
truth:  return   return

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency if requirements already satisfies the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  does   null

test:  add intersections for the loops .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   add

test:  create a base .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  interleave   null
truth:  unmount   a

test:  convert a document from a url to a dict .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  null   process
truth:  raise   null

test:  checks if a shell is in a shell .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  updates an existing viewpoint metadata .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  validates   episode
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a list of all available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry point for the application .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  write   summary
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  extract code from start node .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  a list of orbits for a strong .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  return   transformation
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  thin wrapper around the javascript .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  return   print
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generates a simple free graph and a list of steps for each graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the carving for a gcode file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given file or is a dotted hidden or a dotted .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  html snippet .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  import   output
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  find an image by name and return it for the given image .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  git   find
truth:  find   a

test:  print a list of notification list page .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  render   a
truth:  print   a

test:  create a tree tree from a node tree .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  create   a

test:  format the oauth protocol messages into a dictionary with the content type and keyword arguments .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  format   a
truth:  pass   in

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the schema interface in an namespace dict .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   decodes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a waffle token .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a customized resource class .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  to   add
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  associate media library with this media library instance .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  return   media
truth:  get   media

test:  dynamically creates a list of source files in the given directory .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  configure   a
truth:  given   null

test:  connection information for the specified connection .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  known   info
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get the loop going through the circle intersection loops .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  strips the string input from the filename .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  marathon when a marathon ip is able to connect to docker docker .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  recover   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  remove all current application from the system .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  set   downloads
truth:  provide   information

test:  initiate out the progress bar for a student in studio .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  initiate   ownership
truth:  display   display

test:  evaluate the linear likelihood estimator for the x and variance .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get absolute path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   element
truth:  increments   element

test:  returns boolean as an integer or bytes .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  show the return information for a specific lxc file cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   information
truth:  return   a

test:  like path .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  execute code in the "exec" "exec" .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  start   runs
truth:  execute   a

test:  this function launches a user .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  function   transaction
truth:  display   a

test:  verify the config file .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verify   subroutine
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  search for a file with the given directory and return the list of files in the same directory .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  upgrade   null
truth:  scan   a

test:  parse an entity property .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  take   null
truth:  go   null

test:  generate volumeservice agent to test volumeservice specific options file .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  create   msg
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if body is empty .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a file with the given tar file .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  internal helper to resolve the default connection .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  make   return
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  create   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  callback   username
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   p
truth:  p   p

test:  compute the euclidean distances between x and y .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  format a message to return a message .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  performs   msg
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if path is a file .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  check the metadata for a given vote .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  stores   update
truth:  null   null

test:  get a generator to load unstaged changes from a filesystem .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  walk   null

test:  return a dict mapping the max physical resource for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  embed an album into the specified album .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   map
truth:  embed   album

test:  get the selected binary file .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  returns first n items of iterable n .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  complete all rules to also be used for the installed rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  list   database
truth:  using   null

test:  efficiently compute vertex matrix .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  request   edge
truth:  return   sparse

test:  integer to two bytes .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  should evaluate a bug .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  is   one
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a function to build the list of questions for the given template .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   a

test:  convert a text to a series of bytes .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a grid from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given the given apikey .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   add

test:  returns an absolute uri .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return a queryset of cos vnc .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ignore error .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  returns   error
truth:  check   check

test:  check if the south history is loaded .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   wrapper
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return the stack trace in the given stack .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  execute   value
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  initializes the examples .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the description for this edge description .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  last or continue a record .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  attributes   null
truth:  solves   problem

test:  request a json task for all students certificates .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  given   handle
truth:  submits   a

test:  rule : rule | .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply any new sphinx to the identifier from the server .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  modify   null

test:  test an advanced line of the line profile .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   a

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a numpy array of eeg loc to a certain numpy array .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  transform   helper
truth:  convert   a

test:  execute the responder request .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  capture   utility
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get full endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  select   null

test:  read -> str return the object and length as a unicode string .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  returns   unicode
truth:  read   read

test:  send translations .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  send   send
truth:  translated   append

test:  get the configuration directory .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  return   config
truth:  get   users

test:  provides extra qos policy .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  create   query
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the first item in the list for what last element returns true .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  s   return
truth:  execute   something

test:  approximation for tstd .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   derivative

test:  returns a string of bytes_length characters .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture to setup the cpu before running a test .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  expected params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  format   a
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  link-local link-local address in 6to4 address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the ip address is naive .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  convert an integer to a long log base class .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  break   convert
truth:  find   find

test:  get the round .
truth: get the round . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  update the rows of the dataset with the given dataset .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  update   update
truth:  to   function

test:  create new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the access flags from string .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  execute a gluster command .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  convert   configure
truth:  perform   a

test:  looks at a dictionary .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  order   null
truth:  null   dict

test:  start the matrix undo .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  scale   structure
truth:  -   -

test:  see if a file matches the given source .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  update   null
truth:  if   check

test:  sends an email .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  convert   send
truth:  email   email

test:  converts a unix datetime as a datetime .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  is   null

test:  run a test suite .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  make   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   probability

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  load   load

test:  computes local response normalization of a local network .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  null   long
truth:  null   response

test:  manually manually manually .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute nodes of a node with g .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test fit a fixed bound with fixed fixed bound .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   intervals
truth:  test   test

test:  print a list of folder .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  calculate the allowed formats for the given label .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  list   change
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if error is an error .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  verify that the keys and values are not a dictionary .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  to   a
truth:  like   like

test:  cast a separate configuration and send it to the remote server .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  send   a

test:  view function for when a public queue privacy .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  null   queue

test:  return the current line number cli example: .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the number of sync processes to the next machine .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use a function that returns the clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  use   use
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if line contains all white characters .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a json representation of students for students whose user is students as students .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  return   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  returns the next weekday for observances .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  returns   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate an integer set of attributes .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   up
truth:  generate   generate

test:  checks that the database is an es .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  is   check
truth:  if   check

test:  context manager that silences stdout and console output .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  disable   null

test:  given a list of users .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  set   null
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   notify
truth:  send   a

test:  return if we are a datetime arraylike .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  returns a sizer for a given field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true iff running on the system .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute riak commands .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  add   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a list of attribute attributes for the given domain .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a tiny helper function that checks if a particular object is a valid types of a specific class .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  null   like
truth:  obj   obj

test:  monitor service .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  ensure   set
truth:  get   get

test:  initializes the ipython interpreter .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  construct   new

test:  write a file to the filename .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  generate a new instance of the instance .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  format   null
truth:  xml   xml

test:  lists all xmls .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tell   null

test:  wait until a predicate has been reached .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   up

test:  recursive function for handling additional properties for each schema in the additional information .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  function   custom
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns a list of tasks .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  list   method
truth:  null   method

test:  deletes content elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via macports .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  check if the node is a u'pending' address .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  download   null
truth:  if   check

test:  setup the demo camera .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   bloomsky
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  returns true if the given object has __isabstractmethod__ == true .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: version of *y* to allow the build number of workers to build step .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  migrate the version string to match the current package .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  perform   new
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a restful crud controller .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  counts   crud
truth:  sends   null

test:  validate a logger uri for a path and returns the logger .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  require an oracle linux version .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   version
truth:  require   null

test:  return the version of the package cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   functions
truth:  return   return

test:  write a fake ring in the /dev device .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  write   a
truth:  null   pretty

test:  produce a postorder nodes in a depth-first-search manner .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   nodes
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  translates a crypt matrix where database matches the database .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  translated   matches

test:  rectified linear unit coordinates to compute the batch of a square matrix .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  null   a
truth:  square   square

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  create a new virtual machine on the provided vm .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  creates   verifies
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian angle for a particular axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  given   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns average true range as a matrix with respect to a given config_string .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the name of the modulestore setting .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume the iterator .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  ping   close
truth:  consume   null

test:  cast value into a json representation .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  determine if the input argument is a free base class .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  blocking call to make a variable .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  turn   use
truth:  blocking   non

test:  given a thing .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  multiple tidy with an empty fragment .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  text   check
truth:  null   a

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   circle
truth:  generate   generate

test:  checks whether the given process is currently being used by the current process .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  if   check

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns a storage storage instance .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  loads the windows feature .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  instructs   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  extract a bootstrap file from a package .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   null
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  given   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the monogo_return options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add formatters information to a list of imap4 formatters .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download filename from file .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  make a template class for a *typ* set of attributes .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if the given project matches the given project .
truth: test if . 
test:  to   searches
truth:  if   test

test:  add an user like an object .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  expands the :setting:celery_routes setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expands   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator for concrete fibre channel zone manager methods .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the yarncluster yarncluster .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  sets modified on one of the objects .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  modified   sets

test:  wrap a single snmp connection to a memory" memory" .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  return   status
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  registers a stanza stanza .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  plugin   register
truth:  associate   a

test:  return a list of violations for all violations in the given directory .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  finds   violations

test:  find the full path to a file .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  looks   null

test:  converts a tuple into a tuple .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the major .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  update   output
truth:  return   return

test:  return a configured oslo_messaging notifier .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert to tuple .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  list   a
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 format .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  adds various options to each dictionary .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  emit   null

test:  connect to *address* and return the client .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  to   create
truth:  null   null

test:  a factory that ignores all the standalone exceptions .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  enables   a

test:  associate event instance from media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  list   event
truth:  get   get

test:  return the line number of the current line .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  correct   correct

test:  delete a topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  response a function with a server .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the f-beta score for a set of :class: .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  null   avatar
truth:  null   metric

test:  definition : field_type | definition_type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   null

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   works
truth:  format   a

test:  appends sp_password to the end of the payload .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  replaces   =
truth:  complete   null

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in the ndarray .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  return a string like 5 months .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  take   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all services .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the number of parent directory .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   filter
truth:  order   order

test:  check a precision matrix for known known data .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   a

test:  update information for a specified server .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  update   update
truth:  server   server

test:  find the first position of a time-varying time-varying and return the result as a matrix .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   image

test:  return the matrix expansion of the matrix for a set of matrices .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  is   a
truth:  given   integers

test:  500 a technical response with an html .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  null   page
truth:  create   a

test:  checks that an exception is set to the given file-like object .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   self

test:  get the default group type by name .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sends an email to the confirmation email address .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  add deprecated argument to the help process .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a single array with mandlebrot width values based on values .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  constructs   null

test:  call flask page .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  to   handles
truth:  read   proxy

test:  read an image into a given list of images parameters file_list : boolean array of images .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   output
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   group
truth:  remove   group

test:  convert a out of files into a list of paths .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  context   remove
truth:  convert   convert

test:  loop to decode a list of example positions to a loop and return its results .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   a

test:  load the entry from the specified distribution .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  return   point
truth:  name   name

test:  check if the vm is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  a helper function to generate a set of reference values and a set of test values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  time   check
truth:  given   a

test:  parse http response to a response object .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the specified activity type exists .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  return   virtual
truth:  raises   null

test:  runs an authenticate opener .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  null   configuration
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  returns the base64 type associated with a given name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the configuration of the users environment cli example: .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   paths
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  null   axes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all flags from the provided feature .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  select   null
truth:  return   return

test:  try to determine if a object is a bpf object .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  export to check that course exists and all files in the course .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  initializes   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a sort key for every group in dict .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  return   a
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test list separater .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  optionally optionally emit the value through a resolver .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  return   a
truth:  arg   arg

test:  run a disk function in the file system .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  caching   null

test:  list all themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  lists   current
truth:  display   display

test:  get the list of process results for a process .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert str2long() and amount of amount of amount to amount .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  format   build
truth:  convert   a

test:  check that the given credentials is valid .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  null   authorization

test:  repeat -> iterator arguments: x : x of an axis .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  array   a
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return a path to the currently running service .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  format   up
truth:  renders   a

test:  this function returns the restart restart of a given file .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a list_user_unsubscribed event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  append a literal scope to the given text .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  to   column
truth:  append   literal

test:  get the version string of currently installed version .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   connection
truth:  get   get

test:  create a clsid .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  get   find
truth:  given   a

test:  reads the header and returns the textiowrapper reader .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   print
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; pattern .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  formats a time using given format .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : plist name .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   null

test:  return list of fields given a model path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  reset warnings by type .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  return the real host .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a random filename .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that a package has been installed .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  require   returns
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return an array of arguments by name .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a string is a valid cypher .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a authorized user .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  reverse bad dtype .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  coerce   reverse
truth:  coerce   null

test:  close a file descriptor .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  null   null
truth:  file   file

test:  build command to call cmd .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  null   command
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  write a tree to a stream .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  write   null

test:  return a boolean indicating whether each string matches the series/index .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  boolean   map
truth:  find   find

test:  generate given sjson with sjson elements and output .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  returns the full filter name for a markup filter .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the settings for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  load the request compiler .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   configuration
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  loads an object from a npz file .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  wrap a base class with a gaussian case .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drop   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  try to get the dropbox folder for the given dropbox .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  to   log
truth:  to   try

test:  page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  return   function
truth:  rendered   page

test:  map the given mapping mapping file to the list of inputs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  concatenate   product
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  extracts the provider data from the given provider and returns it .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  value   value

test:  test the sample and ae .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  test   test
truth:  visualize   null

test:  checks if a user is a contributor for the current user .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a mask that looks like a number of integer .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  color   data
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given an event .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  convert   add
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the details of a given facet title .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  return   configuration
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  parses the html section of the html given in the datetime .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the object to the given object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for creating and methods with the given check .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait for the application to finish .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a randomly generated lti with the same svd and the unimplemented function .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a no-op and still if a watch statement is necessary .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  run   a

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if a new project can be create or new memberships .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  test static static static static file .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  launch a neighbor connectivity on a neighbor array of names .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  returns   sparse
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  takes a list of null objects and returns a list of integers .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert filename to pathlist .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level and the result .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  remove a key .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  null   method

test:  utility method to strand the amount of bytes .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the generalized error metric .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a numeric ports groups .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  changes   set
truth:  set   set

test:  validates password only one of the password from the http password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  converts any datetime object to a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  run all unit tests .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   unit
truth:  run   unit

test:  returns a string to be used for the filesystem .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  add   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the received objects of an object .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   group
truth:  get   get

test:  generator to traverse a tree in a tree .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  function   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  iterates over markdown .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  set   converts
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  allow -> int .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  split   null
truth:  enforce   a

test:  converts a gradient string into a display .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  to   string
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compute bounding-box targets for an image with the specified name .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  null   distribution
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test uninstalling a rollback .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  test   structure
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return values of channel meta-fields and csv file combined safely safely .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  indices   returns
truth:  identify   null

test:  check that cosmology .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  test   case
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that its possible to use as json .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get an formatted_attachments parameter from request and limit .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate calculate calculate abstract order of uniform statistic .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  insert or overwrite the non-gapped and updates it to the database .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  list   action
truth:  support   support

test:  splits a list of arrays along an array at breaks .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  splits   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  decodes a unicode string using code() .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  like   like

test:  retrieve an list of all receivers for the given sender .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  see if a model should be a content model .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a synsets() .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  verifies   length
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  optionally optionally return markdown .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  text   null
truth:  render   render

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  execute the index of the operation .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  stop all the information present in a scan file .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  instantiates a directory and return the bear with the given list of paths .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  log string .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  tells   s3
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  use sqlalchemy for the job to set public id for the generated datacenter .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enables   null

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test plotting .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  fix the stride .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  fix   fix

test:  launches grouping as a grouping of grouping .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  test   null
truth:  output   output

test:  run a http prompt with the given args and return its output .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  find if the passed in cobbler is unique .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   find

test:  pad or data to a list of data padding is present in the description of data .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  apply   standard

test:  to make the progress string for a topic .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  generate   items
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the nma notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  enumerates all the files and yield classes .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an integer to a list of strings .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a random array filled with np .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function that creates an integration .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  processes   a

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return an audio clip .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate all example in the example config files .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   app
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the last contents of the datadir file as a list of ints .
truth: return test data . 
test:  build   a
truth:  test   test

test:  get the quota usage dirty for a resource and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  get   quota
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create a lag port .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  open a file using ipython file and return a text file .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   data
truth:  open   a

test:  create the mean of the standard deviation from standard deviation .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  watch   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for testing this module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   module
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  list all messages .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   subscribers
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   page
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes the string remove from the file remove .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  save   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return lines information about the specified package(s) .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  process   null
truth:  function   function

test:  associate the given members .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   remove
truth:  add   members

test:  decorator that marks a function as a server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a subelements tree to an xml tree .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  add   add

test:  checks if the object is a valid type .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  returns   noop
truth:  to   predicate

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  return the ip address for this release .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  return   method
truth:  function   function

test:  scan sampling on n .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  null   version
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  load a movie file .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  look   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return the shortcut associated with a name .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  print the command and send it to the shell .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simple string to stdout .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indentation   version
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a tenant access list to the flavor access list .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  get information on a users device .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  provide   grains

test:  cleans tidy .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  release   release

test:  returns a dict with the current .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the nest thermostat .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  mark an attribute on the attribute disk_bus .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  change source string check .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  return information about the pyzmq version .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap request .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  retrieve   human
truth:  add   a

test:  require a opkg package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   package
truth:  require   a

test:  return whether the arguments in use are in the same direction of the output .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a copy of the value .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  handle   unescape
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the filesize hash of a given file .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  return   indent
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether pointers is a cors dictionary .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  image an image to disk .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  return   image
truth:  load   load

test:  sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  returns the script name for a given module name .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  returns   script

test:  get the fallback value for a specific section .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  value   value

test:  return a random string of alphanumeric characters .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  check that the character ports are valid and less the bad stats .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   a

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  a decorator to set the first saved of a method .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  null   frills

test:  returns a multi-dimensional multi-dimensional distribution .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  iterate   a

test:  get the position of a text .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this function is used in both bytes and train and train them to training and and train .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  load   load

test:  does the key-value pair in the onlywhite .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  does   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the size of a field name .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  extract   null

test:  send an index page .
truth: index handler . 
test:  to   null
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  perform a root leastsq .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  null   a
truth:  solve   solve

test:  sets up a function for a user .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  set location variable option .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return a dictionary with the elements of c{d} .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  create   merge
truth:  merge   one

test:  check if a user exists and has the given tenant .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  make sure starting a starting process .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  ensure   start
truth:  test   test

test:  notify the salt api installation .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  start   null
truth:  null   null

test:  cast an object to a json .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   method

test:  list principal policies by principal its principal principal cli example: .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   entities
truth:  list   list

test:  given an iterable of users .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  if   returns

test:  given a set of keyword names .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  writes a file to disk .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  configures c extension to the right type of the current image .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  running   in

test:  check if an file is a valid sls file .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  determines   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return information about the current python command .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a gtk .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  create   a
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  request   service
truth:  routing   area

test:  helper for prefetch_related_objects runs runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic autocovariance given point to the matrix .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  forces a call attribute of an attribute on the given template .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the path .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  run seqret .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  write   api
truth:  apply   apply

test:  export a csv file to csv .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  patches   patches
truth:  export   data

test:  get out what items are out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that the named schedule is enabled .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  null   check
truth:  list   a

test:  install a given virtual machine id .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  tell worker(s) to stop the current locale .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  return   callback
truth:  null   information

test:  get the cluster id for the given cluster name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  get   need
truth:  function   function

test:  gather the elements of a text .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  visit   visit

test:  create and return a one object .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  make   directory
truth:  null   null

test:  remove leading zeros from the given text .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  dedent   one
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a boolean check if the value represents a boolean .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   a

test:  determine whether a info canonicalized a readable actual time zone .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the glut loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  initialize a db .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  given the path to the network their deltas .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of existing figure groups .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of redis classes from the specified redis .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects labels in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   input
truth:  labels   labels

test:  constructs a facet from a document_pb .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  analyzes the path to the analysis .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resource header .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  function   header
truth:  header   header

test:  process data from a source file with indices .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  import   null
truth:  left   null

test:  check that methods do not have the same name .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   -
truth:  check   no

test:  decodes a serialized hmac serialized .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  null   null
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns python objects for the given json string .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   python

test:  return a list of the unicode directories on the master cli example: .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  train our tests .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  test   up
truth:  if   null

test:  intercept calls to intercept functions with the decorated function .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  validate for privileges to ensure that the grey for an activity_dict .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validate   current
truth:  validate   validate

test:  prepare a single function from returning a set of variables .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  export   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  remove the total browser status .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  quit   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create an cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  initialize the little sigmoid for the given dataset .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  returns   b

test:  process the process and all its children .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  construct a new 1 instance references and return a combinatorial of integers representing the same length as the current block in the sequence .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  choose   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  parses the given date string to a date object .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 k .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  guess a repo tag based on the specified image tag .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  return   a
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  check if the extension is complete .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  handle command line flag and flag parameters .
truth: process one link . 
test:  sync   occurrences
truth:  process   one

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-merge(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to the command line to the command line .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  print a shell associated with an alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  prints   set
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder detects already satisfied .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  to   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that bootstrapping can be loaded .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   fit
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if the specified header is valid .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  convert integer to method .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   parsing
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calculates the rms and variance of the rms .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  extract the alignment from the alignment starting at each alignment and the alignment region .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test if an urls is repo .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  cleans the unix socket context and delete any file in the log .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   apk

test:  prints an exit message and exit .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  to   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  empty   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  test that a view initializes a hint by an accessor object should be returned by a subreddits .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  test   show
truth:  null   message

test:  get the login token for a given http body .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new pub/sub message .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  creates   -
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a list of author structure .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  log patchsets to compute the master and password .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  null   group

test:  merge two dicts by adding the values from d1 .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  test this function .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  kill   null
truth:  do   null

test:  authentication auth .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  password   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  update proj plots .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  update   replace
truth:  deal   null

test:  resets the module attempts to given by client id .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  resets   example
truth:  reset   reset

test:  returns the path of the refs files to the given display directory .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  check whether a directory in subjects_dir is a bem subject .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the hash value for a typing type .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the list of available audio output for the specified audio instance .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  get   redirect
truth:  gets   a

test:  execute freebsd on a specific python path .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  update import job result in db .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  import   import

test:  a decorator that acquires a function into the thread .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  given   null

test:  replace characters with a newline .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a string into a port and port .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  determines whether protected against xss against xss .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  to   method

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start a tcp server and wait until a modbus iteration is raised .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  null   method

test:  benchmark information .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  computes   x
truth:  run   run

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument type is unicode .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  put a list of published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   a
truth:  put   a

test:  check that a path is discrete variables .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  set the localectl to localectl the current locale cli example: .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  check   point
truth:  use   use

test:  return a cast based on its cast type .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  decorator that checks if the given launcher matches the given command-line flow .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  alpha_n from a path .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  source   remove
truth:  given   null

test:  test io with i/o .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  ensure   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator to support domain names and update the new-style domain .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  build an exception from a datastore error message .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  test socket .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   args
truth:  socket   socket

test:  returns a hash of selectors selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  provides the entry from a resource .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  correct   correct

test:  lists all zones for a project .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  encode a missing object into a datasource object .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  encode   include
truth:  returns   a

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  transform   solve
truth:  compute   compute

test:  revert pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  choose   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks barcodes length for valid dna characters .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  format all nested sequences of a sequence .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  null   fasta
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  test   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  view function which handles an email .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  display   view
truth:  null   null

test:  turn a normalized unit to a string of bytes .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   convert
truth:  time   time

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  check if a portage version is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  clean up the config for each zone .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  update   configuration
truth:  null   configuration

test:  create the pid in the background .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  encode a template and return the base64 encoded string .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  object   object

test:  detects if a string is valid .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  do the bilinear kernel for the bilinear .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  null   use
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary mapping color scheme names to their scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   syntax
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if mdata-put is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade bill .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  check   sets
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  set the vbox_guest module if the os is freebsd or dragonfly .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   service

test:  test if approximate joint diagonalization is properly executed .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a dict with urls removed .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  handle   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  make the master to the master master master name the master master to use for new master master to manage the master to create ip address .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  set   set

test:  add a pretty to campaign .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  add   add

test:  set the layers .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  set   set
truth:  parse   svg

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for the application to become available .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  null   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  returns the base64 code that matches the given code .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  extract   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  dataframe   region
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  return the file path to project .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  provide   try
truth:  load   a

test:  make matched text groups .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  submit for detached and other views .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   properties
truth:  displays   null

test:  returns a dict of files to be used for translation .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   update
truth:  looks   null

test:  stop a resource_type rule .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  formats   service
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return true if the given c{crypto node has the given name .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  return   return

test:  call custom image_service .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   unload
truth:  call   call

test:  returns true if the promo preliminary preliminary is the promo end .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   return

test:  prints out what datum .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  null   utility

test:  apply the signal .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  null   usage
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the given group type .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  list all the command verbose verbose .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  list   name
truth:  return   a

test:  list the virtual server configuration for this minion cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  wait for a task to become accessible .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   task
truth:  wait   null

test:  attempt to parse a unicode string as a unicode string .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  save the file .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  save   null

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  format candidates for strftime .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  run   current
truth:  call   call

test:  if the exception is raised .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  exception   exception

test:  helper function to format the changes that will never be executed .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  build   a
truth:  format   format

test:  parses an alert logger .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parses   yaml
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should extract background tags .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  parse   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  return the minimum of the hmm that was applied to the json-safe store .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  convert   hosts
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  ensure that plain elements looks like a slugify string .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  check   test
truth:  test   test

test:  look up a document and a dict of all the versioned handler .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  retrieve   need
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  if   key
truth:  if   key

test:  return rgb string .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   image

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set proxy facts if not already present in facts dict dict: the facts dict updated with the proxy facts .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  to   use
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package package packagename packagename .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  declare   null

test:  check if a process with the given pid is running .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  return   check
truth:  use   os

test:  do entities .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  select   structure
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test to make sure that the html table columns multidimensional columns using the html table .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a mysql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to project/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  rolls   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return data to a number of units that are in data .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   features
truth:  turn   number

test:  return the pip job id for a job .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  files   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  use this decorator to memoize a function .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  construct   decorator
truth:  null   standard

test:  update a user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns taxa taxa table in file .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  a context manager that raises an exception on url .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  name   name

test:  get a protocol description .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  given   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the source code as the given source object .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds the given attribute of type mapping .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  returns   register
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out the version of the given git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  to   works
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  encrypts a message .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  redirect   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a dictionary of encoder using the specified pretified .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  returns   proxy
truth:  extracts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test validation .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a json managed dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store a language information dictionary for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  when a cache is created or deleted .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  invalidate   update
truth:  related   update

test:  create a new wsgi application instance suitable for use in a conda response .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  default   string
truth:  null   null

test:  update project dependencies .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  to   use
truth:  update   update

test:  struct_declaration : specifier_qualifier_list struct_declarator_list semi | lbrace semi semi | lshiftequal | minusequal | struct_declaration .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   declaration
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  return a abs to the number of levels .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract volume info from a persistent dictionary .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  load   name
truth:  null   helper

test:  check that all the functions and texts are present .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  check   fallback
truth:  is   null

test:  run command .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  run   a

test:  get the list of all the words for this ec2 instance .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the command line arguments .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  to   options
truth:  given   null

test:  square-free part of terms in k[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve packages which were running in the path of windows .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   image
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all of the version .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  null   version
truth:  list   list

test:  seed seed for given name .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  return   inverse
truth:  return   return

test:  similar to ledoit-wolf but is a new exception .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the same memory of the passed value of sos along an axis .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  construct   x
truth:  filter   data

test:  test searchcommand .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  runs   backend
truth:  test   test

test:  displays a header .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  print   a
truth:  format   format

test:  undo the given configuration file to be performed .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  creates   ssh
truth:  undo   undo

test:  converts a string into a regular expression .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  is   null

test:  executes commands in a command .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  execute   commands
truth:  specified   null

test:  parse mr data in the given stream and return it as a host object .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  look   null

test:  wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necesary .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns the cdf of the cdf .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper to select a pickled pickled .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  format   string
truth:  format   format

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   returns
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne report .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  run the command line interface .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the current axis name .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an existing database to show up a database .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute contiguous regions of contiguous regions .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  split   return
truth:  return   a

test:  create a serialized bundle to convert documents to a dictionary .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   osc

test:  print a list of paths to the search paths .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute content and the degree of f .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  null   price

test:  get all the classes in this vmware environment .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  compare the versions using versions and a version version .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  to   compare
truth:  compares   null

test:  dummy implementation of limits for batches .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  time   time

test:  from timeseries and 7; 7; .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  filter   group
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  parse   k1

test:  format a number for display .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  format   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove tags from an iam resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute the normalized normalized normalized phase using a binary correlation mean .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  converts data that represents a series of pseudorandom strings to xxx .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  converts   control
truth:  convert   a

test:  reads a data structure from a file .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  null   get
truth:  read   data

test:  only work when no dependency is installed .
truth: always load . 
test:  if   module
truth:  load   load

test:  adds unique values to unique .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create flavor access to given flavor .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   a

test:  similar to get_or_create .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  override   null
truth:  view   view

test:  gets current audio output as a linked output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  set   current
truth:  selects   null

test:  test installing a requirements file using -e .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a path to a binary string if it isnt already a binary string .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  returns   replace
truth:  convert   a

test:  project project view shows a project to load plugins .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  project   null
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return true if data is encrypted .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   test

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  main entry point for new sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  get the purchase for the serial port .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   average

test:  return a json-string with a particular package that doesnt exist .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset the cached app to the configuration .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  null   everything

test:  create a snapshot from a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  figure   information
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return a new theano code with theano elements in the start of a control to theano .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  list   up
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  return a unicode string representation of text .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the z score of the input array .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  ensures   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  create a certificate from a trust certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  builds   null

test:  data -> gzip data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  decode   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  return the default value for the current thread .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  a convenience method for decorators .
truth: function type . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get all visible namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  use the test class to create a test case for all of the characters in the log .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  returns the path of the underlying .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  return the platforms platforms .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  build   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  mail   mail

test:  unload the root directory of a to centered .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  deinstalls   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  entry point for conversion .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a list of regionalize name for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return a connection to the db server .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  show the details from aliyun concerning an instance .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   details

test:  returns a httpresponse .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make console debug debug .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  enable   boto
truth:  function   function

test:  get a reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed into an *uri* .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  retrive the parent done by the given parent .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  context   context

test:  check if the model is the projection protocol .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes the checksum of the package .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  if   return

test:  gets the text that was detected in the directory .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  selects the vm with vm to vm .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  documents   null
truth:  null   a

test:  write html file .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  write the contents of the m3 file into the given file .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  append   append

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the average of the moving series is farther from each series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return hosts pretty name .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   type
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the spherical setup/teardown polygon .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   polar
truth:  get   get

test:  turn a title into a dictionary .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  opens and returns a policy object from a file .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  opens   return
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  convert numpy object into native python object .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output by loops .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  view a wiki sample of a document .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  determine if the backup backup a request was supported on the host .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to amazon machine learning service rtype: :class:boto .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test instsource .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   dipole
truth:  test   test

test:  import submodules and optionally find submodules .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   null
truth:  expose   null

test:  ensures that the data for the given dashboard table and titles are visible .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  ensure   return
truth:  rows   rows

test:  read text from file .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  text   get
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of iterable n .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  publish c{main} to html .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  renders   html

test:  decorator to decide which func has been imported more than one function .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes a clip fade in some cases in the current context .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  return   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  extends a free message from a piece python ipv4 .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  convert   validates
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a nexml object for the given synsets .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  build   data
truth:  given   null

test:  coupling with coupling .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  coupling   null

test:  return true if a function is a nzb wrt the file .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this page presents an account .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: claim-build set environment matrix to the build as build .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  transform buffer array to memmap using memmap .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  set the display of indexing indexing .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  link   update
truth:  set   set

test:  check the status of a method .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  delete   checking
truth:  checks   checks

test:  useless@register -> outputs .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return string with all occurrences of the string in pat .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  local noise noise of an image .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  array   copies
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an puid <url .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  -   -
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set up a stubs api .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  draw a turned window .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   a

test:  test pip install and divider .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  test   test
truth:  expect   a

test:  given the name and an notes company name .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  split   null
truth:  return   return

test:  gets user auth auth for a given limit .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  given   a

test:  a simple tasks that will dispatches the current page to the next page .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  returns   plot
truth:  view   view

test:  get geometry output by manipulation .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  apply filters to a query .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  apply   return
truth:  apply   apply

test:  download and return a unsigned yaml_dict .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   in
truth:  download   download

test:  return the mean of the samples in *x* .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  obj   join
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  write a list of .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  send a smtp message to an album .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  format   check
truth:  send   send

test:  test reading and writing keys .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   tab
truth:  printing   printing

test:  get the list of namespace namespace and absolute paths from the given regex .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  find a relaxed distance .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  null   logging
truth:  null   distance

test:  saves the special build .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  insert   build
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  insert all tables to a dataset .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  concatenate   helper
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  returns the progress data for this minion .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to get an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  null   tool

test:  publish data to a message .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  build   api
truth:  build   build

test:  builds the root object of the object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  remove the named file .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  teardown   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  list policies via rabbitmqctl user .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  returns   queue
truth:  return   a

test:  confirm this module is on a gentoo based system .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  update the upload image to the context .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  add   null
truth:  fakes   null

test:  return the fermat polynomial of n .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  finds the optimal separator for each row and column .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  find   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test whether a 6 key has a valid set of least the current schema .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  wrap a file in the current working directory .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a dir structure which should provide a list of paths .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  generate   build
truth:  create   create

test:  start the cci instance and return three newline instance .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  start   remove
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a string containing html .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return an iterator over all strlist union .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  list   intersection
truth:  union   union

test:  returns a queryset with given user .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   video

test:  only load this module if the gluster command exists .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a json object for a feeditems .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  creates   link
truth:  creates   a

test:  filter out data by limit and filter members .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  filter   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  walk all python files .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  labels   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  compute autocovariance function acf_y(h) using random var(p) process parameters coefs : ndarray .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong type .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a tuple of python version .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the dovado sensors .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  find all registered colour of a 1-d colour .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  project   inverse
truth:  convert   colour

test:  takes a dict and returns a dict containing them in a list and recursively .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  emulate   process
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  write all registered module "probes" to the current systems format .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  creates and returns an hdulist .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  append a fake option to the list of paths .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  to   add
truth:  is   null

test:  reload the named service .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  restart   csf

test:  update email .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  queues   update
truth:  function   function

test:  generates a average metric .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  regex -> string return true if the string parameter is normalized_name .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   expression

test:  extract an messages from a document tree .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  helper function to create a random port and port on localhost .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   a

test:  logs the user out .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  complete   logs
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read the contents of a binary file from the file named file .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   length

test:  return a list of all the pids of a directory .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is the new sls function to clone a vdi .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  null   clone
truth:  clones   a

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a sequence of length n .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  generate a secret key .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  flatten a sequence of sequence objects .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  flatten   generator
truth:  function   function

test:  constructs and returns a unique value for the node .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  build   null
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  helper to connect to a given transport .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  create   a
truth:  connect   a

test:  checks if the list is a dictionary of keys .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  execute the path to the sysv extension .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if v is installed .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for verbose_name statements .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  return   entry
truth:  filter   comments

test:  set a link to a color .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  make   proxy
truth:  list   list

test:  n319 - use list comprehension instead of mutable .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  to   -
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieve media groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   order
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  add the items between this block and the queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  add   register
truth:  fills   null

test:  return a dot description of a dot file .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  render   a

test:  constructs a datastore connection .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace tab .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check that a new warning and new to password matches new one generated .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  generate lists of systemd packages for systemd style command .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  given   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  escape & .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  return   extension

test:  this will build an "add permissions" for the given object .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve hosts according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   host
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html output nodes .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  shuffle a percent .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  compress   null
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  get the server setting for the smtp server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install a package with the absolute package .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate access token .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  get   signal
truth:  take   action

test:  take a string to a iterable and return a string containing those info .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   a

test:  forgot username page .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  username   username
truth:  look   up

test:  a boolean .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return information about a directory .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a user reviewer the given reviewer reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  function   redirect
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  parses a single log message .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  null   string
truth:  null   class

test:  randomly sampled .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   a
truth:  m   m

test:  check if a given user is admin for inclusion in an admin site .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  return   user
truth:  is   null

test:  get the instances of available pressure .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  index of public tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  create   media
truth:  listing   listing

test:  returns gateway gateway details for an account .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  get   gateway
truth:  return   gateway

test:  returns the shortest space console .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  gets   list
truth:  look   null

test:  rectified linear unit function .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns source and translated subproject .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  returns   workaround
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use rights .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  build   calculate
truth:  builds   null

test:  convert datetime to a csl timestamp .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks that value is non-empty and of type .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return continuation state of the except for which state is allowed .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  function   a
truth:  display   parser

test:  checks if the passed key exists in the crontab is currently being created .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  build an email address for use in the given email address .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deprecated method for testing .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   method
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  detect statistic for a multivariate polynomial .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  url   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform an a6 record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  create a display with the specified c{nodeid} as the master .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  point   point
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  looks up the flask function in the key is called by the use .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  disconnect   section
truth:  null   section

test:  check that and right are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  export a gcode linear move text .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test with hidden text elements .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  prompt() appends given exception should not video video .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - write binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  check if a function is valid .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  returns a list of all the active children in the given list .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a list of the unique {'username' .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  return   change
truth:  null   standard

test:  gets the running 1}try state by the user .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  get   insert
truth:  takes   a

test:  check whether ref is a valid format for some given format .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  checks the current token attribute for a given string .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  return   store
truth:  function   function

test:  find a power .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  with_settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a decorator to convert an ssl_options ssl_options to an ssl_options .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mock counter to add the counter to each tarball .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  add   decorator
truth:  add   counters

test:  removes api references from the http milestones .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  executes an api method call and returns the response object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  drill a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  with qtwebkit .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the application cache directory .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  return   return

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in __version__ .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  print the stack trace to stdout .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  print   print
truth:  dump   a

test:  given the path of a module .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  look   null

test:  remove a container .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  declaration_specifiers : parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  null   declaration
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  insert a symmetric entry into the number of functions .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  split   a
truth:  rank   rank

test:  calls external .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  sends   data
truth:  error   error

test:  create a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  create a group add a user .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  add   group
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a zero indexed cell reference string in the cell .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read the next time from the file .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   a

test:  returns true if the given employee is privileged for the given employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the complex frequency layer by layer and layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  clears the cache of the zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns an download url to download a resource type .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  retrieves   download
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return an iterator over the serial of a sequence .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   elements

test:  creates a cygwin hash from the revision revision .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a reservation and update it with the given project .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  read adjacency data from json .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   data

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  connect to the login page .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  displays   view
truth:  renders   null

test:  adds a new acl group to the given object .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt the given data and return the decryption cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypt   data
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  sets the gui mode .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  set   null
truth:  tell   null

test:  return tests to show tests for command line .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   python

test:  format the execution information like a given execution instance .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   instance

test:  return a lexer of all lexer classes .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  combine two images in parent with the given vector .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  blend   blend

test:  returns a string version of the value .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of auto fields of the auto statistics .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  get   version
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the "needs rollback" flag .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  sets   use
truth:  sets   sets

test:  execute a system command .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  disconnect   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  warnings   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  retrieve ssl credentials from given certificate .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  return the union of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the date as a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   datetime

test:  registers config file .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  loads   plot
truth:  patch   patch

test:  parses a token into an identifier and return the host for the given token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the firetv platform .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  instantiate   deployments
truth:  null   resource

test:  verify that the code is in the minimum name of the package to be renamed .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  ensure   ldap
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current group of the group .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  import   grain
truth:  set   set

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the items in the sequence .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  when a user is created .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  handle   redirect
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves the full database from the mysql database .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get all suggestions languages .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to stop a function after a setup .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save minions to a given job id .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unpack any dictionaries that are stored in the dictionary update second .
truth: from url . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  get the amount of seconds since the packet .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  summarize signatures signatures from a pre-yarn request containing methods/functions and illumina them .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   bzr
truth:  parse   a

test:  pull out the environment vars .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   path

test:  list tags of a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   tags

test:  check the module-level option for deprecated modules .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  measures the symmetric symmetric window .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  check   correctness

test:  free swap records .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  swap   lines
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns people user is following sans people blocking user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   people

test:  count the matrix of g .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  return   find
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   mdata
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   return
truth:  s   s

test:  get fixed timezone .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a short object is a short word .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  null   word

test:  test inverse of inverse computation .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   io
truth:  test   mne

test:  this is a fallback function to hide microsite_configuration behind .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  return   null
truth:  called   null

test:  compute l1 norm .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   norm

test:  decorate a function by name .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  marks the given reason as deleted .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   group
truth:  marks   volume

test:  return true if path is encrypted by a symlink .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  all backend should have a gl proxy .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  returns   gl
truth:  null   class

test:  run flowgrams in trunc_fasta_seqs: format .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  update   null
truth:  build   build

test:  get a database to the given identifier .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  look   up

test:  adds pooling pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   pooling
truth:  adds   a

test:  wrapper to start .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  start   return
truth:  run   cmd

test:  opens a file-like object from a file .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  open   a

test:  iterator which yields a stored plugin from each collection of mapping .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  include   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  existing   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values entry .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a child volume .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  unpack the current sessions to sessions .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  check   check

test:  pack an provided string to a single channel using the provided c{str} .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  pack   pack

test:  fix method to fix keyword method in keyword .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  change   a
truth:  fix   method

test:  return a list of the disk users of users in the device .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  given   a

test:  converts a span text into a stream .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  change   a
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  converts a client id to a string .
truth: convert response . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   response

test:  check candidates with pivot at least one ratio .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  null   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  create node positions for g .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  simulates   factor
truth:  create   node

test:  check if the release is present .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   a

test:  quick test of none .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the number of unique device .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  validates if there is overlap for the user .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if the network is set or not .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network to parameterize variational family .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  null   log
truth:  null   network

test:  entry point for the model class .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  return   set
truth:  set   set

test:  play media manager from media list .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  get   media
truth:  return   return

test:  install the latest virtual environment for each directory .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   setuptools
truth:  install   a

test:  provide a caching wrapper around git checkout .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  main function for cleaning up the command line .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  is   command
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the collection should be retained .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  use a api to reload a module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  module   module
truth:  null   version

test:  initializes a function .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  list   a
truth:  call   call

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  dump an xml element to a file .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  print   running
truth:  dump   null

test:  create note with type and the attributes .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  creates   stats
truth:  create   attachments

test:  get a symbolic block variable .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  default   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   aws
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine of the cosine vector .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  alter the points to the path with the loop .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  set the sleep configuration variables .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   doctest
truth:  set   a

test:  drop classified against text .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  add   syntax

test:  roc prediction score .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  null   null

test:  set data to a given path .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   vispy

test:  convert a string to a string .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  to   service
truth:  converts   a

test:  direct_declarator : id .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   launchd

test:  execute queries against the expression .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  start   alias
truth:  ban   add

test:  validate and return the cpu policy constraints .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   checkout
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a timezone instance associated with the given name .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the y intersection inside the matrix if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for virt only .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  ensure   virt
truth:  null   preference

test:  gets a queryset of the given username and user username .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   user

test:  for each read in the blanks file and return as new encoding .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  process   application
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove ansi escape sequences from string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   try
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert a constant to a constant .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  returns   dataset
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read the buffer .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  checks if a given url is a valid transaction .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  is   null

test:  save the certificate to the given domain .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  return a json-compatible representation of a type given a type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  identifies an sympy user .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  if   view
truth:  to   try

test:  json object that was useful for use in a postscript fashion .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  return   json
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  helper function to add user objects in contribution .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  sets   check
truth:  null   null

test:  rectified relu function .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  deep clone a deannotate .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  clone   in
truth:  copy   copy

test:  checks if cron document is loaded .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  fixes   copies
truth:  documents   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  encodes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the given line looks like a code .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  check   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pull traffic server configuration from the command line .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   change
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic getattr() .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns the vector url: matrix as a list .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  read an ipv4 packet .
truth: object factory . 
test:  read   one
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the targets from the targets .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   info
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a user cli example: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a generator of games for the given criteria .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  generates   support
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get and convert the region of a text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to text .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  hidden   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns a list of available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if the given string is an integer and returns it .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  return a list of all folders on the system .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   users

test:  add faces element to the face .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  make sure a string is unicode .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a suite for the given package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  return   response
truth:  test   test

test:  check to see if the service is enabled .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the certificate from the given store name the certificate store to be removed .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create and should be executed in a separate extension .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  remove   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quick useful to support text[::optional_note] .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  computes the mahalanobis polynomials of h=1 polynomials .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  escape & .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  commits an application .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  return   app
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resize   resize
truth:  resizes   null

test:  returns the diagonal diagonal of the matrix .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wait until a stream has completed or not .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  compares the value of markdown .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  use   structure
truth:  escapes   null

test:  check the number of input image to be extracted with the var(p) values for each pixel .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls undefined with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the ipv4 address are valid .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deep copy a deannotate element .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  build   a
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning in warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return true if the variable is mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert keys and values to simple dicts .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  make   fix
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts arrays to autoregressive explicitely explicitely .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  profile   check
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if filename is an absolute path .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   filename
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a list of installed applications for all models in all models .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup the zigbee platform .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  mock   mock

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get the file names from the directory .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert the elementwise dict of dicts to a list of dicts .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  figure   a
truth:  given   a

test:  write discovery files to a server .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  write   service
truth:  write   discovery

test:  retrieves an object by name .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decryption task into a task and thread .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches a musicbrainz album by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  map   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check that nova or did not have no virt import .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   nova
truth:  check   check

test:  verifies and decode the user .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  update   runs
truth:  ask   user

test:  creates the path to the device .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap the memory" function for the project .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  disable   log
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a set of users with a set of users .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   n

test:  create a klintegrator .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  main function to run filenames and main filepath input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath input_fasta_fp: newick newick newick newick tree_fp: newick newick newick newick .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  function   loop
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  main entry point for post-processing .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  write   a
truth:  read   yaml

test:  returns a compiled template object for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove duplicate keys from table table .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  duplicate   indexes
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo remotes platform .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  expected value of array .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   handler

test:  resets the current users scenario that is created in the case .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  resets   function
truth:  null   null

test:  fixture to return a valid template_name .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  plotting   a
truth:  null   null

test:  bincount labels with labels .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  transform   data
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  used to mark a class when creating an get_option flag .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  return the id of the file that owns a given file .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  is   return
truth:  to   check

test:  handle request .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  seconds   command
truth:  handles   a

test:  return configuration url for menu menu .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  create   package
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  null   null

test:  iso8601 an cds object as embl .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  breaks   up

test:  clear the rules .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  rules   up
truth:  set   set

test:  converts string to bytes .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  decodes   unicode
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a queue to a specific api .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  name   method
truth:  access   access

test:  generate a unique integer uid .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a list of intersection disjoint .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  return   return

test:  test traceback with __all__ .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   traceback
truth:  test   traceback

test:  remove outliers from a function .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  remove   functions
truth:  to   attempt

test:  invert the user .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  change   change

test:  only work on posix-like systems with setquota binary available .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   helper
truth:  set   set

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collect stats for each process of a given source to the given sequence .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete an versions and version number from a project string .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run a login in a thread .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  check   wrapper
truth:  set   set

test:  check that astropys .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  test   null
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  launch the checkout branch dialogs dialog .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  wait   launch
truth:  launch   launch

test:  job job with a job when a job is created .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  form   null
truth:  send   send

test:  delete media files that should be used to video .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates a directory .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  join   join

test:  return alarm alarm name .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get value based on value .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  look   value
truth:  value   value

test:  checks that the given column-oriented is a valid one that is the current .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  writes a redis to redis and all of its jenkins .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  flush   null
truth:  test   test

test:  lowers the given number of characters with spaces .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  align   a

test:  generates a unwrap from the existing singular values .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  connected   method
truth:  apply   apply

test:  should be :py:func:parsedotval by cloudinstance and obtains them to forward them as a task quality .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  tests   pip
truth:  if   null

test:  parse a sequence .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  print the elements of a list .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new group of all created permissions .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  decorator to check if a bound method is a bound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  list policies .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   policies
truth:  list   list

test:  get the list of all of the files which have been imported .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  return   iterator
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  rewrite a basic tunnel to paths that match a given tunnel .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  given   sync
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  tab-completion: must be cleared - inspectors and half offsetif .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  function   compare
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: runscope yaml: runscope allows the build to install-name: .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   null

test:  runs a command .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  run   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test row of row .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the exchange token response .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   content
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get and display the response .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  stats   stats

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoding or none if not installed .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   up
truth:  lookup   up

test:  context manager to temporarily disable previous temporarily .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  these are in and sort of the caused shape .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  produce   one
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract and wait for a http object .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flush the user in the bzr database .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  preprocess options and legacy: them according to preprocessing .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  preprocess   partitions
truth:  look   null

test:  decorator to give another function into something that update the serial function .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  null   check
truth:  forces   null

test:  note: the covariance matrix that softmax a prime vector .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  strips leading and trailing whitespace .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  text   strip
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shuts down the server .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   pprint
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  coerce x to a timedelta .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  coerce   converts
truth:  if   null

test:  return the item size for given type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate lines of text .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  null   generator

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  marks a function as wanting and returns a warning .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  determine whether to run the tweets .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  endpoint   null
truth:  run   run

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  return   null
truth:  run   html

test:  on success .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  division of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate vertex normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  calculates   distance
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create command line argument .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  update permissions for a bulk module .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  create   post
truth:  export   export

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  like c command line output .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  null   process
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  count the number of non-zero elements for each feature .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   counts
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all of the configured users .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   returner

test:  extract the page from a file-like object .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  read   function
truth:  read   read

test:  extract and validate multiple inventory fields .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  return   data
truth:  extract   null

test:  use nltks instead of theano .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  error   error

test:  center loss .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that pip freeze is pip .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   pip

test:  process the process in a subprocess .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  run   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a some "group" encoded using a specified cube .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get networks hosts config for a given network and commentserializer .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  update the local ca bundle file from a local ca bundle .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  simple shared axs .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  to   checking
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of cliques cliques of the graph .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if a valid magic is a valid one .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  look up the server id for a specific server .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  find the sample file for a filename .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  return the current pre-amplification policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two files in a file .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  write   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a iterator that may be a mock to a worker .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  checking   return
truth:  replace   replace

test:  drill a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  drill   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  given a string and a full object .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  string   string

test:  inject resources into the vocabulary .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  build   program
truth:  null   inject

test:  shows a json object with ecommerce audit audit audit service audit service audit service .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  receives   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list all messages for this specified vmware environment .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   checking
truth:  get   a

test:  force conversion of all eggs in the eggs collection .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  returns a list of members for a group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a new remotestatepersister state .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  produce status .
truth: produce status . 
test:  expects   information
truth:  produce   status

test:  test plotting of device .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  is   termination
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  returns the absolute uri for a given uri .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   scheme

test:  apply the constraints function .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  apply   method
truth:  changes   changes

test:  simple test to test our test .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  given   test
truth:  logs   logs

test:  set the keywords script in ~/ .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  tell   null

test:  domain names tend to have a valid python domain name .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   function
truth:  domain   names

test:  l2 distance between each value of quant .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  wrap   matrix
truth:  quantize   a

test:  converts a vector into a human readable format .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sends an http request to a course .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  gets the configuration for the beacon .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  calling   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  tests that pull model parameters with classes .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add faces from the complex polygon .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   compare
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  list all service .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  print   list
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure the named container exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  check whether the request should be ignored .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a handy helper that recreates the current request or parts .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  the fastcommentedheader protocol should work in the new-style .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  null   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  ensure that the session is specified .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  view   controller
truth:  to   actions

test:  check whether we are running in frozen .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a datetime .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   size
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  check for .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the names of a function command .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  null   replacement

test:  when the container is complete .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   runs
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  strips   strips

test:  generates a generator for all events in the given directory .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   generator
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by complex .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  runs a github document for a specific document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image 90 degrees degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  dumps all python objects as yaml .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  null   a

test:  this function is called to fit a wrapper function .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  fits   a

test:  this is here to make 1xn formats .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the file is html .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  render   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  takes a tweet .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  accepts   user
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  convert images from base64 to the beginning of base64 .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  create an search for a series of arguments .
truth: search series . 
test:  get   response
truth:  search   series

test:  generate the provided points to calculate the provided shape for each starting point .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  generate   calculate
truth:  starting   starting

test:  flush the virtual server table .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   download
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  file   a
truth:  given   a

test:  application section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  renders the template for the specified user .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that maps a simple post form to a response .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  return   a

test:  a step to step that are used as a runner .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  catch   a
truth:  make   null

test:  use this decorator to wrap a function using a passive handler .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all instance types by filters .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  debugging   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a query string .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  trailing   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  create   null
truth:  training   training

test:  return true if the request is an html dialog .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  takes the xml generated xml to warning: the xml file for each xml .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  returns the number of bits needed to encode a single integer .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  returns   inverse
truth:  count   count

test:  set whether or not the computer will restart the system delay cli example: .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   set

test:  parse xml .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  identify   s3
truth:  return   return

test:  generate breadcrumbs to display in post .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return size .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  get   file
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns test filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  return   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a replaygain build .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  select   a
truth:  targets   targets

test:  queries the consolidate blocks with zero blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  is   a
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  extracts pprint and groups groups according to a group .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  string   configures
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  return the contents of a stream .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string representing the length of a given type .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a new byte string for processed into a pd .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  generate   dict

test:  require an nginx site .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   update
truth:  enable   enable

test:  returns a list of table resolution .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  helper to create a stc between subjects and occupied .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  to   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  deletes a folder .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  checks if the given feature is enabled according to the child tests .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  check   check

test:  parse in the rrc822 from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   in

test:  setup the zigbee platform .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator for deprecated language .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  execute a files in the system path path to a grep command path path to the container parent directory cli example: .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  grep   grep

test:  returns string value with given list of pairs .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  skip a test if were not desired then skip this decorator will skip tests can skip tries to skip tests for configuration .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  skip   import
truth:  raises   a

test:  generate the links from the source files and titles .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  link-local link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  if   x
truth:  extract   null

test:  registers an ids in the given model .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  model   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  process a file by attachment and file name .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  process   remove
truth:  compare   contents

test:  wrapper for pprint .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  print   print

test:  return v1 == v1 .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  list all the folders under the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a scipy array into a mismatch .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   multiplication
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  rate   exponential
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get the double double inclination and end .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  before installation .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  is   dataset
truth:  if   check

test:  return the operator for the output of the function .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  returns   standard
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  joins a pre_compute .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  if   null
truth:  warn   null

test:  view function to mark a spam .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  profile   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  test that pods is deployed .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  test   test
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  iso8601 a template types to a template .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  create   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  a forces member is a indirect .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  if   check
truth:  string   string

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  provide   load
truth:  null   null

test:  get front width and add width .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  check whether file has any line different line .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  checks   boolean
truth:  if   null

test:  validates the given ip .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the rank of a matrix with n_zeros for the matrix .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  find   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a given xml .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check that something expressed in numpy and "none" are both .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  test   check
truth:  null   null

test:  tests translation table with no translation files .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  reading   migrate
truth:  tests   plural

test:  extracts the given value from the given response and returns a tuple of the given response .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  link   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  purge multi-images .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   handle
truth:  handle   handle

test:  takes a list of version models and returns a sorted list .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check if the socket is resolvable .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the cms link for a block device .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the project .
truth: release the package . 
test:  checkout   a
truth:  release   release

test:  convert a file: path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  logs an assignment .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  find   node
truth:  build   build

test:  run pylint on a single file .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  executes   a

test:  visualise each segment in a label_field with the given color and labels .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns hessian of a point and a point .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  create   vertices
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the current processs should be run .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   returns

test:  return a list of the shelve that are open to the mutant .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  null   return
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns a new modified time naive .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  return   a
truth:  modified   get

test:  checks if labels is a valid format string .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a symbolic link .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a given directories is no indicated .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  name   null
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  regression test for url .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  copy an instance to a model .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  validates the status of a connection .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns a genomespace .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  click   attempt
truth:  test   test

test:  prints a deprecation warning .
truth: prints a . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   a

test:  kill a process with the current process .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   get
truth:  kill   kill

test:  converts a decorator to a nested image or function .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  produce an list_vhosts join between variables and agent .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  generate an remote-info to process known on current system .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  create   states
truth:  null   null

test:  take a package type and produce a .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  return   null
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if a file is a file .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  logs a normal hook for the current request and all collects collects .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  to   null
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the pid by the named pid file .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  analyse   a

test:  load cached file from any os .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  write   decorator
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator to skip tests that use panel without incoming doesnt yet .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  loads a smbclient file and returns a dictionary of lines .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   credentials

test:  get filtering file .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the sid for the given test .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a decorator which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  like urllib2 .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create temporary file .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  if   create
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  given a job id string .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  step   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the date that is the release of this release category to find the release of the provided xblock .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  a decorator for functions that alter the interval of a function .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  shows the preferred form of a particular configuration file .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  shows   shows
truth:  null   part

test:  choose a random tests with specific ratio of tests .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  choose   a
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the secrets manager used by the secrets database and other to create a new secrets object .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify the correct __slots__ case .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   type

test:  returns true if a string is a lyrics image .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  if   null
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  build a query .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  query   a
truth:  query   query

test:  takes a roads client and returns a roads list of return_to pairs .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  snaps   pricing
truth:  find   find

test:  parses a string as one of the given character .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_backward_delete_char with a word of text .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   rl_backward_delete_char
truth:  test   test

test:  installs one or more packages .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  install   null
truth:  find   find

test:  list all registered results .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  clears clears attributes .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  document   document

test:  loads the sample images in a given python dictionary containing the images with the given images .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   find
truth:  sample   sample

test:  checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the binary crossentropy for the target output .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  gives   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  mark module-level configs as deprecated .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  change   parse
truth:  warn   null

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple absolute value to the correlation between [0 and vectors .
truth: compute np . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  compute   np

test:  helper to create a format number of original base_scalar .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  converts a complex accuracy to the source code .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the nsview handler for l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  set   pause
truth:  pause   pause

test:  returns the complex part of a given expression .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  =   =

test:  computes polynomial remainder in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  expands xml files to be displayed in xml .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a // b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a reactor to the minion name of the minion match list of events to be removed .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  list   list
truth:  add   add

test:  copies a file to a local address .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  create a figure for the given figure and figure out .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  create   null
truth:  draw   a

test:  the context manager which should be sent to the given key .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   a

test:  render security headers .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  grabs   functions
truth:  set   set

test:  binds a servicegroup from a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager that changes the given line .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  wraps a wsgi application in a wsgi environment .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  controls   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  get group types by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  returns the currently active ttl on the device .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  build a / keyword arguments used to send a web page to a saved python script .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  build   null
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  test reading mkl files .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   decorator

test:  converts the string ipv4 address to a space-separated .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  default   ip
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of changed files that is changed out of the given locale .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve an object by replacing its settings .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string according to the locale rules .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  uses getindexedtimezonenames to return the class with a given domain .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  determine   null

test:  decorator to ensure that the backend exists .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  create command line arguments and return its contents .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg draft registration and corrects it with the new draft registration .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  takes   environment
truth:  finds   null

test:  like from_object but returns a list containing elements of expansion tuples .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a toy kernel .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  module   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return path to vmlinux .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the file pathname of a pathname .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  returns   extension
truth:  name   name

test:  zero zero pad .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test rendering mri mri .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   crud
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  get all bevel and end bevel .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to do an expression with an loop and other attributes .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  order   order
truth:  write   null

test:  converts a dictionary of dictionaries to a :py:func:~mrjob block .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  format   compile
truth:  format   format

test:  modifies a view function by setting a view function that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to ensure that a method is remote remote on an instance .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  randomly get time and process .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  returns a class object from a string of the given string .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a pyc source code object .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  read   read

test:  queries duck search .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  searches   bing

test:  construct a pipeline from a estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  log error message in the message and raise an error .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  make   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wait for the given target .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  promotes an index to the generalized operator .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  projects projects that are supplied to the xmodule package .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  identify an image in the given gcs gcs image .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  copy the cache object to a cache .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  null   copy
truth:  cache   cache

test:  elementwise hard-sigmoid function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  return   activation
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a brocade port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  defines the inception v3 window and scopes for *x* .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  place   batch
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  serve   a

test:  opens and enqueue a simple constraint certificate to the server .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   a

test:  unpack constraints from a column of the original vector .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  converts cdao to a string containing cdao .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  trending   a
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  return a list of values .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  null   return
truth:  format   format

test:  wraps a graph that knows the given expression .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between and having angle t1 and angle angle and having angle angle and angle .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  launch the given pid for the given pid .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  launch   directory
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name can still be parsed back to its original form for force chop or force .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters all es names .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  encode string for bytes .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  encode   whitespace
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided in a checks if a step .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get module version or none if version cant be retrieved .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  module   a
truth:  module   module

test:  update user info .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  sets   permissions
truth:  set   users

test:  ensure that the contents of a file exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  create   a

test:  feature finder finds a feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  test   disk
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return true if the url is a valid endpoint .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a random source formatted for crypt() .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  generate   group
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  returns a link to the primary model .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve flavor by flavor id .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  if the user is not in the desktop .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  require   null
truth:  return   return

test:  push a new document in a bokeh document to a bokeh document .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   nic
truth:  get   nic

test:  extracts enhance info and parse image description .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  determines   enrollment
truth:  using   null

test:  create a function after a function that maps matcher .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around np .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  build a partition suite from unittest .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  partitions   a

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the generated encoding .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the minimum number of average field matching the given number of average .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  remove titles references .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if we are running on an instance of a multi-dim instance .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  if   null

test:  add path from the path to the path .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the row of a matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that a package is valid .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  make   null

test:  create a list of incron for the specified user .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  write   path
truth:  writes   null

test:  if the static file note: this function will run .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  content   content

test:  write request headers .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write text to text in text .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   text
truth:  text   text

test:  sanitize a list of snapper .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  to   file
truth:  return   return

test:  fetch a url .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  validates whether the given number is a tab integer .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  throws   null

test:  make some change to a deployment uuid .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the ip addresses of an undirected interface .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  return   one
truth:  get   get

test:  test if the first search has a initialized version .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   check

test:  simply print unformatted text to stdout .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  null   translation
truth:  print   print

test:  generate the django config file .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  update   a

test:  shows error messages .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   null
truth:  view   view

test:  iterate over a matplotlib with a style pattern .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a default decimal instance .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a policy .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  wait for a period of the default list of kb .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  if   null

test:  filter image with gaussian filter .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   calculate
truth:  compute   structure

test:  tests translator with handling .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   application
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  logs a context with a given log log .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  filename   s
truth:  set   set

test:  run a command using downloadurl .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  update   null
truth:  map   map

test:  read the certificate in the given x and return the certificate result as a byte string .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  submits   up
truth:  extract   info

test:  check the regression for the type with tanh .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  null   test
truth:  url   url

test:  save a session to disk .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  save   null

test:  returns a string of fieldset fieldset .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  needs   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return disk usage usage information about a system as a device .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  calculate   disk
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   string
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  validate user .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  works or create a stream on a stream and create a stream .
truth: print with color . 
test:  parse   decorator
truth:  print   print

test:  option file has at the given index .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  decorator to tell whether we are not using mock .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  the elementtree elementtree element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  integration test .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with negative signs .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  test   test

test:  load a notebook notebook .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  load   point
truth:  prepare   null

test:  execute labels on the defined k8s cluster .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  use   set
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert decimal integer to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   decimal
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  take the desired state of a string and rebuild it .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  stochastic updates learning with the root of expressions and a root .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return synchronization wrapper for synchronization .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  escape a string so it can be placed in a filename .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  escape   escape

test:  iso8601 the output of properly retrieve the backend specified by *nsptag_str* .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  sets   configure
truth:  link   a

test:  find the edge magnitude using an sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  null   find
truth:  find   find

test:  execute the given template .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  update   a
truth:  return   return

test:  print the value of the nest nest .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  return   display
truth:  display   ret

test:  wrapper around cause that returns the xml .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   a

test:  runs the main command-line interface .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  null   display
truth:  runs   runs

test:  match the specified pattern .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix returns the elementwise product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  compute the simultaneous log-likelihood for an array of circular frequencies .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  computes   test
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the nthhost given the query .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  on delete of file object to fixed .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the base url to the given path .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test using custom inverse of inverse .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  setting   setting

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct the sql header and labels .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  generate   wrapper
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a standard response for a given status code .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a synchronization array with rank from a matrix parameters data : ndarray .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  construct a new nocopy .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  results   a
truth:  call   call

test:  remove a protocol from a url .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the route handler that marks this app .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  translate   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  extract package versions from getting starcluster repository .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behavior for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   autoescape
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  generates a checkpoint for the given experiment model or checkpoint directory checkpointdir: .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   directory

test:  decorator to indicate that the decorated function is a decorator .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  given   a

test:  creates the sequence of non-zero elements in the sequence .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  given   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  create a new tableformat of a file .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  verbose   a
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to flatten a single expression into a numeric expression .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  builds   return
truth:  flattens   null

test:  send a message to the channel .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  from github issue #107 .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  issue   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  validate a user .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  confirm   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  convert an s3 key to a partition key .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the cumulative .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  sum   return
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  matches a string for the safe number of characters .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the number of a month for a given year .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  produces   a

test:  return a declarative base class for the given type .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns all course milestones for a given course id .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   api

test:  compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  estimate   compute
truth:  rank   rank

test:  convert text to integer .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  destroy   text
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse a date in the format of the given date format .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  indent text with a line of a pythonpath line .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  text   convert
truth:  given   indent

test:  clip a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  speed   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  finds the sequence in which the sequence are non-zero in sequence of non-zero elements of equal to query from dist in blocks .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  display home page .
truth: home page . 
test:  wrap   structure
truth:  null   page

test:  user can login with base url .
truth: user can login . 
test:  make   user
truth:  null   user

test:  make a unicode string flag .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  convert   extension
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  get current scale scale .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   video
truth:  get   get

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   8bit
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the id of a group id .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  find   return
truth:  to   try

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  shut down event .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  request   send
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  execute parent target .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  test   structure
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorator for caching functions which need to be used in the platforms module .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  create an global secondary table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the piggy sensors .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  check checksum based on provided data .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for the filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  test that subscription .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  instantiate a der class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  generate an int to evaluates an allowed tree .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  list   directory
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the default standard encoding or it was used to get the defaults .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   return
truth:  file   file

test:  return value forced within low and high .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  remove an iam user .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   user

test:  enable enhanced stream info .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   sync
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if the named service is disabled cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   check

test:  updates a security security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  update   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  plot the day of the given day .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the xml path by begin and xml element .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extract all fields of duplicates .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  return   a
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  helper function for creating the tests directory and cosecant .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  a function that returns a list of possible matrices masks .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set the given properties on a project and update it .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  set   update
truth:  update   a

test:  an exception raised by the deadlockwrap view .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   app
truth:  test   test

test:  a custom natural natural sort of a given name .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  removes   filters
truth:  unload   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  removes duplicates .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  send a notification about the given host .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  configure ssl client .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  to   up
truth:  set   up

test:  compile a string using double braces .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compile   searches
truth:  compiles   a

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  match a list of matches against the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  return   try
truth:  to   try

test:  gets the list of flags for a given user .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  retrieve   messages
truth:  flags   flags

test:  execute one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and execute the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  run   one

test:  converts a unix datetime to a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a direct object from a configuration value .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop all instances for the given module and version .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  null   gradient

test:  a signal receiver which updates the last update for the specified user .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  update   signal
truth:  to   null

test:  helper for eliminating .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  prepare   test
truth:  color   channels

test:  try to find out an installation python module .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  determine if the datastore is running in a datastore .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the specified router is a router interface .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  if   null
truth:  based   null

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   a
truth:  collate   a

test:  generate a simple aes key by its id .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  draw   handle
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  this function takes the segments list of emails and populates them in the segments given in the segments of their position to a single segments .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  creates   solve
truth:  null   segments

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a batch of targets with the given transport .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a node .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a diffchunkgenerator class used for generating opcodes .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a function to ensure that a given ip address arent in the vxlan .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the firstset and the firstset are valid .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  check   names
truth:  checks   checks

test:  chop off the last bit of a sequence .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chop   elements
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test function to test mp mp .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  update   refresh
truth:  insert   insert

test:  decorate a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  func   attempt
truth:  null   a

test:  munging to turn a method name into a pre-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a string that is an unicode string .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  normalize   return
truth:  null   replacement

test:  iterate over a objects .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  object   obj
truth:  makes   everything

test:  create a 2samples .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  array   one
truth:  plot   plot

test:  simply returns a string with right confirmation for the formatted confirmation .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  given   properties
truth:  given   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  null   statistics
truth:  request   worker

test:  check if decodeerror is not currently installed .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  return   check
truth:  create   create

test:  measure an image to a new figure .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  create a new autoconfig client and execute the autoconfig .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  executes a static file .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  returns a type for a type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove network network_id from network network_id .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   network
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns a string with markers converted to html .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the path to the parent directory of a service .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the type class for a given type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a thing type given its properties .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a document containing an application id into a worker .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  convert   number
truth:  convert   a

test:  check that seq2[86] .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the number of inter-community edges according to the given partition of g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets a virtual interface for the given instance and instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  etc_services   null
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify calling object' works .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  verify   snapshot
truth:  following   following

test:  deserialize a translations from a yaml file .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a new task to the querymanager pages .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  update   update

test:  run a series of active active active modules cli example: .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  check that the current user is contained in .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  exception   administrators
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  estimate matrix for an arrays .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  to   bit
truth:  make   null

test:  reset a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should download from pypi from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure that any file is in the last downloaded .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  copy   run
truth:  null   null

test:  escape & .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  escape   return
truth:  null   versions

test:  create and return a masking .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  return   sequences
truth:  return   nginx

test:  add the given prefix to the given key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  add   key
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a string describing how much in seconds since the given timestamp .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generates batches of batches of imagenet images .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   batches

test:  find the ribes .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  function   backup
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a package .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  fixture to change qapplication qapplication .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  null   change
truth:  change   change

test:  execute a bash shell command .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  run   correct
truth:  run   a

test:  return the numeric assortativity coefficient for each node in g .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return information about a certificate in the certificate to change the certificate to certificates cli example: .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  get   information
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the rabbitmq application .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check for diffs or int_div sets .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  check   check
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find image by id or name .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  removes a given single role for a user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  a decorator to ensure that a handler is authorized to access the decorated function .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  to   methods
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove a tag from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure the named tenant is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate a plot with an input data .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  plots   data
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the value of the base atom .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  use this to wrap a text with a simple string .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the list of files that match a specific file .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  h weekly .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  profile   mask
truth:  update   update

test:  parametric risch differential equation - normal part of the denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make a call to the size of the array .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  add windows path in sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  clean up an existing url and other databases .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  host   subscription
truth:  return   a

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  retrieve   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  parse a filename into cartesian product .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  is   page
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if the token is invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  reject   reject

test:  return information about the package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  package   package
truth:  get   get

test:  locate a ctypes .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  test adding an existing suggestion to the instructor .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  post   tests
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  saves a new model to the database .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  returns information about the requested dns tld sld of the domainname domainname tld tld of the domainname dns tld dns dns which have to get information about the authenticated user
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a continuous random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get capabilities http response for the given http response .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  parse   kludge
truth:  get   cluster

test:  checks that a string is a valid version of distutils version .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  document add to preselected document .
truth: new document form . 
test:  null   render
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  to   decorator

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return the ctypes data for this minion cli example: .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  build a block diagonal array from a set of 2x2 values .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  test reading spm artemis123 using spm with ctf data .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  runs the testsuite tests .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  execute   test
truth:  run   run

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   null
truth:  mix   null

test:  get translate tetragrid by radians .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  translate   scale
truth:  scale   scale

test:  looks to see if mdata-put is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  print a attenuation message .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  print   method
truth:  function   function

test:  compute nth derivative of a scalar or scalar .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  compute   numpy
truth:  solve   solve

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  toggle   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  get submodules and all submodules for a specific module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  show all instances of the given zone .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  move   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  return true if f is a square-free polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetches all the facts for a specific facts file .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  run   facter
truth:  run   facter

test:  formats a vat number using the character character .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  accepts   one
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  download a tablename file .
truth: download a file . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  download   a

test:  take a volume group by using a snapshot snapshot .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  get   check
truth:  take   a

test:  get the bracket .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap a numpy array with the given set of elemwise pairs as returned by the decorated function .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test cross cross cross product with cross elements .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  cross   cross
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int int to dotted quad .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  int   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  return a new variable with a sparse matrix .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test error rewrite .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  test   uuid
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert nxn to a multi-dimensional filter .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  function   a
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test that inverse can be added to mapping functionality .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the minimum spanning spanning between edges in a weighted graph or edges .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   iterator
truth:  generate   edges

test:  decorator that will ignore the call to a function .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd from k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  add triangle given stl index .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   faces

test:  return x minus a tile of x .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  function   x
truth:  creates   a

test:  decorator to define a function to be profiled .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   custom
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the set of colours .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  calculate   histogram
truth:  produces   null

test:  find a realm entity to store a person entity .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  get   get

test:  harami pattern .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   baby

test:  generate a dictionary of mappings for the file containing the mappings for the file .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   multiple

test:  check a files that would be created .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  -   push
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a json file into a python dictionary .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  behave   behave

test:  calls a list of file definitions with a given backing file .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the n-dimensional abelian for each node .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  return   graph
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format warnings which will log warnings .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  return the index of the writable page .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  return   index
truth:  show   show

test:  kill a namespace with given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  kill   kill

test:  scan an app by name .
truth: in apps . 
test:  given   function
truth:  null   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  using   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restores the cached options for a list of tuples .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  restore   restore

test:  create a hadoopcli client .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  yield successive n-sized n from l .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  given   n
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new plot object .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  djangos   a
truth:  lay   null

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a product of one verify verify .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return unicode name of fixer .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  if accentuated given through group .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   bearing

test:  internal function to get the proper api .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  do   url
truth:  return   return

test:  only do not use unicode strings .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  encode   unicode
truth:  encode   in

test:  public canonical path to a given request .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  null   null

test:  if the ansible group is not the ansible group .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert a list of dictionaries to a space separated string .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function that operates as a list of fields for the provided list of fields .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  unquote -> character .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  make a numeric state of the unordered state .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  form   helper
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  masks out the key - encourages or detach key .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  returns   enrollment
truth:  make   null

test:  strip non-sequence from sequence .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  count   null
truth:  null   element

test:  convert the length of a boolean array to a number of floats .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  a class decorator .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  null   response
truth:  wraps   a

test:  find the sample scaling of a list of numbers .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  p   version
truth:  given   current

test:  return the user that owns a given file or directory of which to return the user follow_symlinks cli example: .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  run a specific module .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  to   a
truth:  check   check

test:  this method accepts a receipt x-forwarded-for .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  reissues   null

test:  validates a property property .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  raises   null

test:  attempt to find a static hash .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  looks   null

test:  return samples as a file object .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  write   data
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  a decorator that returns a specific list of method that should be routed .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  rest controller .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  module   import
truth:  to   controller

test:  create a new .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  rendered   a
truth:  null   a

test:  like :func:dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   debug
truth:  like   like

test:  return information on a system and the system .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   return

test:  compare two statuses and look up the first element .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes the given file .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  basic python source file to detect the python packages in the subprocess .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  return   contents
truth:  show   show

test:  wrapper function for normal stack trace .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  be   handler
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple alias from table .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  when a response is created .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  constructs   in
truth:  send   send

test:  read incoming expression from string .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   a
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a ecommerce client authenticated with user and profile settings .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write graph in word with python source file .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get information about a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   saml
truth:  get   group

test:  generate a json file .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  sets the given number of messages to a given file .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   processing
truth:  converts   converts

test:  in windows data file .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  get   package
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  helper to decorate a function to be a single action .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  null   a
truth:  prevents   null

test:  returns string that represents an utf-8 encoded string .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  returns   unicode
truth:  get   get

test:  return a copy of the value n-1 with all tab .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  given   cast
truth:  null   null

test:  renders an alert if the page has been rendered on the given script .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  consume the consume url .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  use   usage
truth:  consume   messages

test:  return the instructions for an loop .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given range of the given range .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   buffer
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  create new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  return true if filename is a syncfile .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  opengl opengl and easyinstall easyinstall .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  reverse   statement
truth:  draw   null

test:  a decorator to make a teachers .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  squares ranges for data_format .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  search   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a version to perform next url .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  to   version
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to grab autocommit .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   a

test:  restores a counter object from the filesystem .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a ctypes function for the given function .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  return a **module formated code .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  return needed to compare two inputs and see if they are at least one of the same variable .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  make   check
truth:  if   in

test:  cast obj to a float .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  return   step
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strip ansi sequences from the given source .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  source   strip
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  returns true if g is a biconnected .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  find the path of a given path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  return   a
truth:  file   file

test:  parse a requirements file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  parse   generate
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its utf-8 full width counterpart references: * url * url * url * mysql 4 .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  union   apostrophe
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  prints a list of child processes .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  get   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  given the name of the module .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   null

test:  checks if the dna given is compatible .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate objects for the specified source code .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  filter out all the filters in a cluster .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  if   return
truth:  include   include

test:  return an array of error level codes by the deprecated parameter .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  null   error
truth:  error   error

test:  get a symmetric symmetric query from an ordered list of choices .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  find   structure
truth:  select   null

test:  converts value into a string of bytes .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves all users on the master device cli example: .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieves   function
truth:  configured   null

test:  given a model instance .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  start a single babysitter as a separate server .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  start   summary
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies fieldexpression to a searchparams and gets the searchparams .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   functions
truth:  copies   fields

test:  pass defaults from ~/ .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enable the use of the strategies function to connect to the device .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns the pro sequence .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  translates   cast
truth:  null   values

test:  detect whether current python is running in a python version .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  helper for writing .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  null   seqfeature
truth:  stripping   null

test:  adapt a blob from a model to a string .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  format   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create the contract creation exceptions .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  null   create
truth:  add   a

test:  skip a test unless a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  extract the response data from the jsonutils api response .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  output the output of a file .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  set   set
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that is user auth user .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get local s3 image represented by provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  find   find

test:  adds two theano scalars together and y to y .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  runs the tarball of a dataset .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  ensure our limit exceeds by ip .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   test

test:  import a dotted module and return the attribute/class designated class .
truth: source: django . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   django

test:  test sets up a stubs .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the non-empty non-empty column names .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  takes   table
truth:  format   items

test:  a simple decorator that reads the type of a dao .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  to   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  regression test for archiving .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return wrapping if a fits file is a fits file .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute the magic integer of a polynomial p .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  create   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  require a group .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  unlinks two node2 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  redirect   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a random graph of community sizes .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a connectionconfig value .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  include   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  searches for a query based on a dict of first term .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  use   database

test:  reset an index to a raised .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  do   data
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dictionary of all of objects of an templates and their values .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all the files found in django .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  return   a
truth:  collect   null

test:  this is a used by __init__ function which should be displayed .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  url   a
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write information to the returner web server .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   fetch
truth:  write   null

test:  view to registered user add .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  subscribe   view
truth:  view   view

test:  cleanup the file .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  delete   check
truth:  output   output

test:  returns a boolean reflecting the argument .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  serialize the given string to a string .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  move   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  make a suite for importable resource resources .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   a

test:  computes the divisors of a layer to a layer .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper to create a variable initialized with a variable and returns it .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   a

test:  get the last focused focused window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set up the ioloop sensor .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a set-like header .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  fetch an archive .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  write   null
truth:  download   download

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  wrap a new build to make the api .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  url   file
truth:  null   webhook

test:  receives the input given by the user from gen_payload .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  test timing spans .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   span

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given version of the given job .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  adds   start
truth:  add   a

test:  stores items in the datastore and times them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  check   null
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  parse a dict of name .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  return the argument name for a function .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  func   func

test:  write the system paths as a dictionary .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  detects   null

test:  computes a user inheritance .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize devices with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   null
truth:  initalize   null

test:  create new 'g 'g .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  return   settings
truth:  create   a

test:  find root of the binned data .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  array   threshold
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fit one or all svd in the svd .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  fit   data
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  determines if the given reserved is trailing reserved with the given name .
truth: for example . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return a string for the latest version .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  logistic to axes .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  transform   x
truth:  note   note

test:  converts a camelcase string into a snakecase object .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  converts   in
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  test that when we generate a hashed failure .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  call commands and discards the status of a serially system .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  null   call
truth:  list   list

test:  unpack unicode data .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  generate   arguments
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to guess the attribute name .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  return   use
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  computes nodes and weights from the harmonic sequence .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  count   test
truth:  computes   null

test:  cutoff sigmoid sigmoid with cutoff .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  null   tanh
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   file
truth:  update   a

test:  return the buffer usage of data .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  request   data
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  helper function to selected plugins .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  clip a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  cancel all the command line should run .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  cancel   response
truth:  null   null

test:  add a profile menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  register   a
truth:  add   a

test:  disable metrics for aws .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  wrapper for nucleotide fastq to truncate .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  convert an instance to a value .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  replace   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check all dependencies of the depend module dependencies .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  null   structure
truth:  check   check

test:  get triangle mesh from negatives .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return the indices of the indices in iterables .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create term objects .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  return   function
truth:  create   create

test:  return an event object suitable for the named node .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   return

test:  show a meeting .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a configured name" path .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   function

test:  uploads a file .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  fetches the next exploration ids of a user .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pass in a view connection to the salt database .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  write a gcode linear move file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  file   a
truth:  write   a

test:  work an artist or a group .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  null   return
truth:  computes   sin

test:  detach an existing virtual machine .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   keys
truth:  generate   one

test:  this is called by the package .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  select   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a generator that generates a directory in setup .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  file   file
truth:  yield   path

test:  adds a test case to a unittest module .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  process   a
truth:  process   process

test:  links to a document .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  display   version
truth:  returns   a

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   service
truth:  fix   service

test:  restores the whether a request has a particular /dev/sd[a-z][1-9][0-9]?$ .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  figure   figure

test:  resets the technique for the technique at a given technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  end   query
truth:  query   query

test:  return the contents of the named package(s) cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns true if a string is a valid high .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  turn on logging and add a buffer to the buffer .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  logging   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute frechet spline for action .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  compute   shuffles
truth:  construct   null

test:  return the unicode text representation of a string .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  text   string
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the hash used to look up the git command .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  provides   user
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  modify the condition data for a given basket and a given args .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  prepares   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return dhcp command line configuration string .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  return   edge
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a signed message dictionary .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enables randomization of context pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  enables   randomization
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  return the position of the current thread in the entire coordinate .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  return   return

test:  returns task output file .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  output   snmp
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the os version and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   null

test:  return true if fname contains a bad file .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  if   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp option with vpc options id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  associate   install
truth:  test   test

test:  create an object representing the verifier for testing .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  override the default warnings .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  null   run
truth:  package   package

test:  update a datasets metadata .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  renders the template and fires it with the given context .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  register   null
truth:  template   template

test:  ensures that a temporary dataset exists as a temporary dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a assoc recurrence used for training the sequence .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   decorator

test:  list active mounts on mac os .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   helper
truth:  list   list

test:  get the mysensors service for the running mercurial service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  setup   information
truth:  get   get

test:  mostly for views that are configured to require a post .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  return   version
truth:  add   things

test:  remove list from the dictionary and the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  translates an identity key to a list of arguments .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  generate   generate

test:  creates a scenario and validator its key .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   implementation
truth:  creates   a

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc def .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  gcd   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  a wrapper to make a x^-1 object easier .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  formats   use
truth:  format   a

test:  notify usage usage for an image .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  notify   usage
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return greyscale gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  displays stderr in a stringio .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  stderr   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data interpolation .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  reset the template and resets its status .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  build a project by file name .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  return   a

test:  motion the motion from the input .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  handle   multiplication
truth:  process   process

test:  get the total total cache directory of a specific user .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a cache key with a path specified in the request and appends the given key to the given key .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  make   a
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the metric of the graph g .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  template tag that was resource tags .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  return   return

test:  computes arrowvisual provisioner .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  export   function
truth:  create   create

test:  locate a file from a url to the directory: directory .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  locate   a

test:  calculate the syndrome match for a list of syndrome .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  calculate   version
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  performs   things
truth:  return   return

test:  create tags associated with a file .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  creates   gateway
truth:  create   new

test:  if a message exists .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a health record .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  get   calls
truth:  create   a

test:  return a copy of content type with the given content type .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  return   null
truth:  set   set

test:  documents a resource action .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  create an ndarray that is an extension extension of the given axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add x intersections for intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  save an np .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  resizes   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  fixture providing an topicsread user .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given source .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  task to specify proxy to remote server .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  translate exception .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  translated   handle
truth:  translates   null

test:  get pci device by node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  opens a file using the source code .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  execute   a

test:  sets the messages for the request .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  import a dotted-path module name .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  module   a
truth:  module   module

test:  network and drags the next mounted using network .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  create   media
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require tutorial project .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   translation
truth:  require   null

test:  return an trace to the resolver .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get current movie handler by store .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   get

test:  step 1b handles -s suffixes .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  return   step
truth:  step   step

test:  sends an messages to a topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  read   messages

test:  returns none if the current user has a json .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test with linear linear regression test for identical probabilities .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  test   memoize
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  compute a hash of the text digest .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  create   create

test:  converts value into an integer .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert the formats units to a dictionary of units .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  convert   functionality
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  return the full path to a resource .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  name   path
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a replication function .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  assert that an http server matches the expected response and port .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  equivalent to :class:downloads3keyrecursively .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  update sqlite3 operation .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  receives   create
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ unattached .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  compiles a sequence of global pootle_path objects .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  imports the configuration for the specified topic .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  return   import
truth:  import   a

test:  print the results of the "delete .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  decorate   view
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  the main entry point for the indexes .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  return   index
truth:  find   find

test:  create new panel panel for a worker .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   column

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  prepend   a

test:  returns a pseudo-randomly float from a martelli value .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  find all files in a given directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  create   files
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction with less than the mask .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return information about the contents of a path .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  return   path
truth:  null   path

test:  return a string representing time since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  detect an alias for the given node .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  change   check
truth:  detect   null

test:  square a square .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  takes   point
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  harami pattern .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  matching   pattern
truth:  null   pattern

test:  a decorator that returns true if the result is a classic callable and false .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  write a new job to the current user .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  null   something
truth:  starts   a

test:  provides a string for the width of a table .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  display   a

test:  execute the pillar system on the master .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  initiate   return
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns the path to the program provided it exists and is on the systems path retrieved from code snippet by jay: url test-if-executable-exists-in-python .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  url   url

test:  convert psea sequence to hec .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  null   sequence
truth:  translate   translate

test:  decode a jpeg string into a jpeg record .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   helper
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  returns the float value represented by change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all aaq languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  list   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  make sure we do a simple request to pass the url to the url is up .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  if   user
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  convert the value into an integer .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure matches with lines joining joining with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  waits for a process to finish .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  helper to remove a ccx from a given ccx .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   context

test:  imports and returns a json object .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  import   string
truth:  to   try

test:  validates a previously set of categorical values .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to retry a retry page .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  retry   decorator
truth:  creates   a

test:  stop eventlet .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  get   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  cli query .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  password   entry
truth:  null   information

test:  return a string with markers surrounding the matched chars .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  is   a
truth:  noop   noop

test:  change the default group of the named user cli example: .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  null   pip
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of service names .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  internal routine to return the command .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  returns   interface
truth:  uses   rar

test:  check that ax=b style entry is valid .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  merges two sorted arrays .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  null   merge
truth:  takes   null

test:  loads a theme plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   render
truth:  load   plugins

test:  divide l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  make the code at revision and activate the tarball .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a fixture which returns a specific environment .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  show   settings
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether a phone code is a leading code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  check   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the value of the entropy at a given floating point number .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  offset   offset

test:  returns url of github api .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the number of overlap characters that are less than or equal to the loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete indices .
truth: close indices . 
test:  delete   indices
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the z score for the input device .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  build   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates the dse dse and password stored in the uaserver .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test multi interpolation .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   sample
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to return all matches in given pattern .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create event manager from media player object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   get

test:  get the percentage of relative temperature .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  reboot a machine by name cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  decorator to mark a function as unsafe:: .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test glir creation is emitted .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  select a package from the source space .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  get the string with a character and the corresponding quotes .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if poles log-likelihood matches pep8 results .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  check   check

test:  check if dist is a message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  if   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  delete tomcat .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  make a new repo to push a remote file to the given closing .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  push   push

test:  test downloads a file object without a logger .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  function to emulate in an expression .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes a string using base64 .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  to   null
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads extra trees either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return input to center center on alloc .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for random kinds .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load the numpy data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  return   data
truth:  load   load

test:  set up the runner for the specified scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   set

test:  generate a list of all know combos in a tuple .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   database
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns a string of the graph g with a color graph .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery on the page .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  do not cause the same output when no threading exists .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a list of changed packages for the project .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  disable paging vertically .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  get a list of all the languages in a list of nonlinear .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get an explorations head .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  update   container
truth:  account   account

test:  test that passing ratios ratios ratios .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  return the class by name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  returns   initialization
truth:  return   activation

test:  parses a mapping file into a list of data and returns a corresponding list of data .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  make sure the crash between crash and the c{str} are not .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  maintain   null
truth:  do   null

test:  load collectors from all datasets .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   inequality
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond3 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  return all members of node parent parent of a node .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   get

test:  test if arg is actually an object .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  replaces   pass
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get font font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  group add view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  null   indices
truth:  null   deviation

test:  walk a vlan and the vlan .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  create   group
truth:  create   a

test:  disconnect all denormalize .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  disconnect   version
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  build an argumentparser to python script .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  build   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure matches with lines joining joining with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  helper function that returns a random color if it is used .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   input
truth:  return   numeric

test:  create a value for storing chunks .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  handle   performance
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns repost .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update the updates where the updates of the updates starts with the given number of seconds .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  update   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a compiler tag for a construct api .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   equality_expression
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  checking: the package name .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  alter   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  formats   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  enable stdout and stderr to stdout .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  enable   usage
truth:  enable   console

test:  wrapper for the old gif .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  return   request
truth:  returns   dict

test:  a prop password to do a *delta*+1 to client .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  handle   parse
truth:  null   a

test:  execute queries against sqlcipher .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  returns either the object or raise valueerror if it isnt no unicode .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  decodes   parses
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of relationship for a particular user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  get   relationship

test:  return the lower bound to compute the state of a given bound .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  produce an list_vhosts key .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  join   join

test:  custom formstyle for filters .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   a
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test losing and check for coordinates .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  ignore options and return them .
truth: check if options . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   check

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  execute   command
truth:  execute   null

test:  main program .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  use   point
truth:  creates   null

test:  parses html .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parse   strip
truth:  parses   a

test:  computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  runs pending scheduler .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   run

test:  convert an image to the correct image and rois .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  escapes   string
truth:  project   image

test:  return a geometry object for the host .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  update   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return the express express .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  install an ssl configuration file as exit .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   install
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  creates an ssl certificate to the server adapter .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  creates user by user_id .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   randomly
truth:  do   randomly

test:  returns true if the version of the beta version of a beta version .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string of the xd:xh:xm:xs into a time .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  helper to plot a graph of evoked evoked data .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  evoked   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check for docstring start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a url string if it has a valid alias .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  return   return

test:  return the default scalar scalar .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  plots   store
truth:  if   checks

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  prepares the inverse of creatematrix .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a user tags and get the actual one .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  extends   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return the matrix to preconditioner .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  prompts -> str open the controlling .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  set   up

test:  coerce value to a json date .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  time   value
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure no lines do blocked .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  make current application instance .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  a worker to lock a unique file .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  write   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  converts a bit structure to a string containing a /usr/share/doc/ structure .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  update   function
truth:  formats   a

test:  variant of itertools .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns true if g is an independent set in g .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  imports a class by its name .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  load   a
truth:  module   module

test:  convert items in a list to their second element .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  makes a random jitter with random jitter .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  given   real
truth:  generates   data

test:  tries to unquote a stop in a python 3 .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  unquote   return
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the secrets keys .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  test if uniform a uniform 1-d function can be used to calculate the integer corresponding to test .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  array   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  makes a color text from the database .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  build   a

test:  update all previous review reviews for a latest addon .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a utc timestamp to a time string .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  time   return
truth:  convert   http

test:  rest controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   null

test:  return the image size of an image .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the get log .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets all fixed ips from a virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change email address .
truth: change users email . 
test:  accepts   delete
truth:  change   users

test:  push a delimiter onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  itemtype delete page .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns expected value for an http key .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use this view as an etag_func() .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   view
truth:  use   use

test:  fetches a list of all ports for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  notifies to do this courses .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  changes   exception
truth:  logs   logs

test:  enable the service on the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  forces   enable
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  tests whether two url are equal .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  is   examples
truth:  compare   compare

test:  basic gradient of a create/ensure rfc822 .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  use   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  create a new event session .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   session

test:  check if the indices is something that should be consistent as one .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  entries   entries

test:  this function returns a list of all the keys .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   one

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns the terminal size and integer .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   system
truth:  get   get

test:  provide a fake module for a module .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  poll pings and return the fuzzy fuzzy .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  make   waits
truth:  resize   a

test:  return a list of users .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  serve an individual configuration parameters for use in a list .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  extended   content
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns a sizer for a given string .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   encoder

test:  return the file path .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function changes the current page at baseline .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  logs   shows
truth:  log   log

test:  handle a 2d tensor .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  horizontal reconstruction on an array of all image should be zero .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   filter
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  accept a sequence of key/value pairs .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  answer   filter
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  null   expression

test:  decrypt the given data using the given key and key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  decrypt   null
truth:  given   null

test:  utf-8 utf-8 encoded string to unicode .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  shortcut   return
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  generates a list of static files found in the given static file .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  return   check
truth:  generate   a

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  tests translator comments are stored and synced .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   file
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize a container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   create

test:  select the absolute profile to the same file .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  index the given document with the given revision .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  show   updates
truth:  return   a

test:  venonats female backsprite .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  set dns possible command to debconf name the value of the user to set as disk .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   system

test:  uk - uk .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  files   a
truth:  -   -

test:  returns the job id of a job id .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  return   encode
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a scipy sparse matrix in **compressed sparse row** format .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  scan a dictionary and converts it in a url to a dictionary .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  enables   a
truth:  restores   null

test:  get a wsgi window for the current application .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  return   window
truth:  get   get

test:  run the test suite .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  to   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test that dot22_to_dot22scalar gives a proper situations execution .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  using   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  check if a header was made by the given header .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute subcorr norm for the path .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  creates a simple .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  returns   question
truth:  null   null

test:  create a compiler parameter in the insert statement to receive a prefetched server .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the zipline root directory .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  read a dictionary from a string and return them in a dictionary .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   function
truth:  read   a

test:  strips irc text .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  submit submit to all identifier in given collection .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  if   null

test:  colorize gettext .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a project project for all related models in the given model class .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   return

test:  updating the manifest for the latest version and instance .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  update   unit
truth:  update   extension

test:  return an event to send .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   event
truth:  send   send

test:  randomly select one or more ip addresses on an undirected object .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  select   command
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return the configuration directory .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  check if named file may contain media .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the current modelview version .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator over a list of length n of length n .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   n
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the last interval of the snapshot config .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  to   ssh
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the member2 user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   user
truth:  require   a

test:  returns the sample memory as a pandas pandas sample .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  sample   rss

test:  test that keyhints are shown .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  format   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  register a new kind of lltd .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  register   register
truth:  null   null

test:  add melded pillar by loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   pillar
truth:  add   pillar

test:  checks if the address is a throttled .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  list osd by osd cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the integer in the range of bytes as positive .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given the css css info .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  func   entry
truth:  null   null

test:  get the first address assigned to an interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the current blocks of the device .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   swap
truth:  block   block

test:  compute weighted mean of the weighted objective function .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  compute   mean
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  text   returns
truth:  text   text

test:  check if anime is anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  update   check
truth:  if   check

test:  prepares credentials to display using credentials .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  return boot boot time in seconds since utc .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  null   system
truth:  return   return

test:  add a plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  this is called just before the gui .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  calls   remove
truth:  clear   null

test:  list tasks .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   view
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypt   null
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  returns urlparsed url from url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the specified host should be attached to via the host .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  encode   use
truth:  compute   md5

test:  test that a icrs array with a icrs column .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   issue
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  decorated   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  checks the homogeneity type for the homogeneity line and homogeneity .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute log(det(a)) using dpss average probability .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  map   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a format format type for the given format name .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  given   site
truth:  null   a

test:  create a dictionary of file name .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case statements in parsing cases starting like parsing with parsing in parsing and sets it possible like parsing come out in parsing .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a context manager that creates a temporary file and returns a writeable temporary file .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  generate   manager
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  import a module .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  like   like

test:  in case of openid request .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  complete   openid

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a new currency currency .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  patch crypto version .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  patch   master
truth:  patches   patches

test:  convert the effects of the numpy array to boolean values .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  dataframe   null
truth:  drops   drops

test:  check if the footer obj has the par1 magic bytes at the given file bytes .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the version of the version .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts supplied textual string into a profilesfeed object .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  supplied   converts
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  insert text into a cursor .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  does the given word have some common prefix .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   path
truth:  create   create

test:  convert a string to a null-terminated .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  return   complement

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the given iterable object is up-to-date .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the object result for given object .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  list command to options for command .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  command   helper
truth:  help   help

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  null   null
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a cookie .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a windows loop in windows .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check mongo .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  repack a dictionary with keys specified as right and values .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  signal to ensure that reveal can be performed on user .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  create   site
truth:  null   handler

test:  reverse the given image .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  reverse   remove
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  the stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  check the file sanity in the anonymous sanity .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  if   check

test:  generates the current page .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  generate   view
truth:  view   view

test:  parse the row and return the row and a dict .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get list of boot options .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  gets   parse
truth:  get   current

test:  return iterator over an iterator .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  null   x
truth:  return   return

test:  find the path to the sql .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that control header is present .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  stores   provider
truth:  check   check

test:  create a new application .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  create   create
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  helpful count number of objects to one .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  a actionable widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  discover   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all defined song .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a 32-character uuid .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  generate   a

test:  calculate the score at the given data .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  prepares   set
truth:  put   put

test:  clean up the assets database .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  add   null
truth:  built   remove

test:  return the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the plex sensors .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  make sure no adding an adding object to the url is read .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  determines if object is a pair of instance .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  insert   insert

test:  check if an error is raised .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  test   generic
truth:  null   null

test:  return the default list of installations .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  default   a
truth:  return   a

test:  condense points to the floating css .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  null   preface
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export a json file .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  patches   multiple
truth:  export   doclist

test:  returns a module object for given app name .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  downloads all the workflows workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  download   avatar
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  create an image to create a file .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   create

test:  update the config in the configuration dictionary .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  traverse   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the firetv sensors .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  fetch the log file .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  include   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  declares a flag whose key is key .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  declares   a

test:  test reading and ensure that read_user_dict documents are open as expected .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  open   test
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   metadata
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the spherical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the edge magnitude using an scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  collect the stats for a bucket .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  collect   values
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a stream is a valid format for being a stream identifier .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  parse a unique converter id .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  starting   invocation
truth:  test   test

test:  compute fixed length for a fixed model .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get descendant variables of input variable .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   parent

test:  users openid requests .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  view   display
truth:  render   a

test:  returns the file records .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  return   try
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make a buffer frame .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  return   bytes
truth:  make   a

test:  remove a package lock .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  specified   remove

test:  create a project for an manage slug .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  null   project
truth:  project   management

test:  return the base64 .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filters all model objects in a dict .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  returns a list of messages that have been {'messages' .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  merge two dicts .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merges   merge
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  properly ip list for smtp ip list .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  set   null
truth:  ip   ip

test:  verify that the new-style class needs to be invert .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  test   factory
truth:  failed   null

test:  pads a subtask record and resets its information in the limit .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  create   null
truth:  store   store

test:  return a list of all queues in a specified prefix .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  landing page for support .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  landing   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator that adds the current function to the server .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  attempts to find a command line in a given list of columns .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  find   null
truth:  locate   column

test:  return url for wiki .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  private helper to get the log transform from an otu table .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  returns   filename
truth:  returns   log10

test:  get the makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test logarithmic interpolation with a bad axis .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  logarithmic   logarithmic
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  longjob -> host_from_gpu(rebroadcast(x)) .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  build and return the wheel .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   load
truth:  make   null

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  generate   a

test:  register relative mapping file .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  register   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if a project is joined to a list of memberships .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  return information about the vms .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  recursive helper for predicative .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return any mistaken | 4 processes and python 3 .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  decorator for views that checks whether the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the boolean value for the current python boolean .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the comment model class for the given model .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the list of coverage for an coverage .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  constructs a request to the server from the grab context .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove virtualbox additions additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   virtualbox
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  test if a path is a file .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  return   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only sysadmins may pass this value .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ignore   null

test:  get the dot product of a dense vector by a viewer .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the approx average .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  calculate   code
truth:  return   return

test:  return the family of the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  module   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns the norm of the minimum norm of an array .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  indices   x
truth:  null   <

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  null   -
truth:  null   parameters

test:  function used to test metric .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  returns   source
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given model has multiple primary primary .
truth: return true . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  looks up the vm .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  find   get
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing scripts .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a dictionary from a distributed index .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between vectors and vm .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for thumbnails .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  generates   saved_file
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes responses and returns them .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  checks whether two strings header are equal .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  check   asserts
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns the current user .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the run data and run a list of all remainder .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  function   sign
truth:  given   a

test:  return whether the request is running .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  maps some dictionaries to provide makepatch .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  convert coordinate .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  convert   dynamic
truth:  map   y

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  return true if there is an match in g .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  use   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  encodes string to bytes .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  string   string
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator that checks if the user is a authorized to access a authorized session .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   level

test:  return a timezone aware datetime object .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  bound   null
truth:  bound   bound

test:  helper decorator for demo disabling dict .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a sound of sinusoidal three packed date strings to a sinusoidal representation .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  scaling   null
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  returns a slice of html <= html chars .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  given   a
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  this function is designed for the pyrax wrapper method .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  register   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set the preferred time zone .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the dicts of the given tag .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  returns whether the reuse_db flag was passed .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  notification notification .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  passes   a
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  make   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  displays the template engine for the given object and appends the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  return   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  insert a module into the filename .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   directory
truth:  insert   insert

test:  all students on a particular problem for all students in a course .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  setup   problem
truth:  null   a

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   behavior

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return true if objects should be a set of ismethoddescriptor .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  repartition dask dataframe by template .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load a file from the data directory .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  return the path to the template directory .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  variable number to a plural .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   prompt

test:  send an sms client .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  adds   use
truth:  sends   a

test:  return a comma-separated graph that looks to a cycle of enzyme enzyme enzyme .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   render
truth:  return   return

test:  return the matrix elementwise of two proportions of a matrix exponential of two consecutive .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator for cli args .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  generates a string .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator to pickle a module in the os .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  use   version
truth:  function   function

test:  process the policy for policy .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  process   check
truth:  walk   null

test:  find the expression; .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return a packed identifier for a text .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  generate   remove
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  recursive function to add property applications to given property key in a property .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   property

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the user and group that is using the named uid .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the specified bank key .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize oversample model by an oversampled model .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the s metadata defined in the [] .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates one example example of the example .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   build
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a dictionary of one glob version .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  svn:externals lxc and passes the data .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  make   a

test:  retain a media_player after use decrement the reference count of a media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  set   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load this module if win32 is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  checks that the intent is valid .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  sends an email to the configured notification driver .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  return which level level level level .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  return   formatted
truth:  convert   level

test:  returns the roots of memmap decomposition of memmap .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using mle parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  estimate   null
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  admin view that displays settings .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  settings   null
truth:  view   view

test:  wraps axes around x .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  return   linear
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file exists and is a chrdev object .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the file path relative to iam .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for above .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  plot the sensor .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plots   corners

test:  takes a file and returns a formatted size .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  logs a pathname .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  given   bytes
truth:  append   append

test:  returns stock stock based on the stock stock queue .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set sid for each track sizes .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  assign   variables
truth:  sets   sets

test:  retrieve a :class:pyramid .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  summary v .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  setup the email platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: text execute a finder build for the project .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a simple generator to filter cumulative range .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets a list of usernames based on user and user and email as a list of users .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  return   file
truth:  converts   converts

test:  debug function to handle callbacks .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  send   data
truth:  is   result

test:  retrieve the pid of the given pid and pid .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate all possible pairs of a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  pair   pair

test:  check a tuple of permissions .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  test   create
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test sensitivity and binary with binary .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  returns a string that represents a unicode string .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  to   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  makes sure keys and values are lists of dictionary .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  ensure   converts
truth:  remove   remove

test:  checks the python module is a valid python module in the callers namespace .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  find   import
truth:  import   import

test:  unpack septets sequence .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  takes   generate
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek one unit .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the client-side options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove the specified colors from the text .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   colour

test:  generate nodes and directories to include any files in the directory .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  calls the old table constraints to grant constraints .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  create   copy
truth:  decorates   column

test:  determines whether the specified kevent represents manipulate wide or not .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  to   dask
truth:  return   return

test:  render a formset .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   formset

test:  return a new service .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  details page: show a bunch of the /locks .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  returns   calls
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install the zipextimporter .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   check
truth:  install   install

test:  local gradient gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  ensure the call data needs to be run .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  null   check
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   termination
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  parses and parse a resource .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  reduce a multivariate polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   a
truth:  reduce   a

test:  reads and returns the contents of a file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  reads   python
truth:  return   return

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  parse   vm
truth:  compile   vm

test:  display all active review requests .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  internal method to check that a qt server is records .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  return   convenience
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  called before building the finish extension .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  called   null
truth:  null   method

test:  return a javascript value appropriate for the javascript threaded and the appropriate ascii value .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  writes the given files to the given file object .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  asserts that the given certs is protected with the course_ids name .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a relationship function from a class .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns true if the response is upgrade and should be displayed .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  match   match

test:  infer a class from the specified dictionary of classes as defined in the database .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  like   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  dont display a model .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  print   null
truth:  show   show

test:  override django url with behave behave .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  associate   check
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  return the currently active state for a stable object .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  converts an array of data -> svm node .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  decorator to make a function into passive .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validates that the model is supported by the linear model and cleaned .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  check   check

test:  exactly the stroke point in a list .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  list   user
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   page
truth:  edit   edit

test:  ignore the case of the perceptron .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  called   manager
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  fires before user-entered code runs .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  gets the blockdiag parser for a model .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  print the pylint on master object on one or more authority .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks google search for google events .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  debug   commit
truth:  sets   sets

test:  updates a profile picture for a user .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  implement item to select .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  choose   encoder
truth:  select   elements

test:  a :class:threadsafefinalizer graph that is i{qualified} with a sets of matplotlib labels .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  calculate   build
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  convert an encoder to a boolean and check if it is a valid field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  returns   iterator
truth:  like   like

test:  tests changed languages since last sync .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  tests   one
truth:  null   languages

test:  a tuple with tuples .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  decorator to run a task hook .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  run   a
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  get current import import import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   current
truth:  obtain   current

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   set
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the options string in the set of java test suite .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  concatenate a sequence of pairs .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  concatenate   equivalent
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the rosen function .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get a default locale .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  return   usage
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a dictionary .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mark an endpoint as immune .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  write markdown libraries to the libraries .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   a

test:  drop stats from the registry .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  do   calendars
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  interface to git-stash(1)_ .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  show   prefix
truth:  command   command

test:  outline substitution should not import and the system .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  verifying   check
truth:  test   test

test:  return a useful string corresponding to the given non-default name .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  apply a list of topics to each topics of the topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  load tm from files .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  based   file
truth:  null   tm

test:  parse a repository .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  return the adapter name for the given ip or ip addresses .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  computes environment variables to provide the repeat to each variable .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test that selectionchanged does not correspond to a string .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  cast sparse argument to true if the given object is true .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  set a new versions of quay .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  list   string
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  current system path of installed packages .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   commands
truth:  get   current

test:  try to convert a string to a tokentype node .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper function to get unique :func:authenticated and g .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  it needs to be moved to another process .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  sample   contrast
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a new adcustomizerfeed for a given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  generates   access
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the head part of a path .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  import the full module path .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  file   a
truth:  find   find

test:  shows the templates and renders them in a plain template .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  render   null
truth:  mimics   django

test:  return true if potential is ssl .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  provide   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the credentials is admin on target in this context .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  context   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the numerically tensor for a given layer .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  null   debug
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a new private key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a list of versions for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  itemfield view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  delete   view
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the image and size of the specified image .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  to   null

test:  find all the gating milestones for a given gated_content_key .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait to see select output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : enum id semi .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   null

test:  execute syslog-ng .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  labels   android
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  build a true/non-nan set by reading the default warnings .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry point for the server .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  start   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  launch a review branch dialogs .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  get   null
truth:  diff   diff

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the environment for the current user .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the header has completed .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  return   check
truth:  walk   null

test:  switch to insert events .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  insert   debug
truth:  add   add

test:  outputs the cpu affinity for a process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  flag   parameter
truth:  function   function

test:  do the t-test .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  rotate a given number of steps to n .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  computes   x
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  ensure a snapshot is absent on the computenode name : boolean try to destroy the child of snapshot .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the demo status of a given job .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  is   a
truth:  value   value

test:  calculate the distances points for the given points .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  returns   difference
truth:  calculates   null

test:  returns true if the specified unit changes are present .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ?library_id=<default the tablename and sqlalchemy tables .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  list   list
truth:  generates   a

test:  get inradius of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   maximum
truth:  get   minimum

test:  create a new entry object .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse a string of the e from a token into a manner .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get a cluster by id .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  check if the list is before the rest of the two items .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  null   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  input   input

test:  convert two sequenceexample sequence of a sequenceexample image to a sequenceexample proto .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  convert   format
truth:  builds   a

test:  deletes an object .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   usage
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup the binary binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   envisalink
truth:  perform   null

test:  add flavor access to the flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  given   flavor
truth:  given   add

test:  decorate a function to be called when the process is created .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns the default c{datetime object for the given package .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a string representation of si .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  get metric y by metric .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   minimum

test:  get a attributes of a lambda policy .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  parse an s3 uri into a dict of uri .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  map a python relation type for a given type .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  map   relation

test:  convert unix ticks into a timestamp instance .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  convert   view
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  return the path to the toolsdir menu .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  display the evaluated link .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the unit registry to the unit registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  prepare up entities in docstring .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  set   supervisord
truth:  download   software

test:  create a public ip .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the container path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  ensure   run
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  equivalent of required_together of sequence a is equivalent to b .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  return   half
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  dialog and return terms .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  returns lvm version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  server   server

test:  filters duplicates from iterable .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  duplicates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a string in format returned by *left* .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return status code plus message dict with status code .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   status
truth:  return   status

test:  gets the windows inheritance for the given name .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  send a json representation of all students to the given student .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  receives   redirect
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all mappers .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  iterate over records and return a generator .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  given   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  resolves a chinese definition .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   null

test:  break the matrices into multiple documents .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  null   *

test:  displays currently executed file .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  filename   manager
truth:  displays   current

test:  copies source to a temporary file .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  source   source
truth:  null   a

test:  view your ssh settings .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  form   delete
truth:  render   render

test:  dumps all jobs by jobs from the jobs .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  remove   build
truth:  clean   null

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cci cci instance .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  null   disk
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure that we can check the instance of the instance .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  is   helper
truth:  used   null

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of directed graph g in g .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string representation of a format string .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  return   docstring
truth:  format   format

test:  wait for all active default clock to become them .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  take   a

test:  turn the port of the latest possible to work with name .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  name   list
truth:  null   a

test:  validates whether the given scale and repository are valid .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  scale   scale

test:  fix various various roots in roots from roots .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  surround   null

test:  test verifying import and test results .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   truth
truth:  null   truth

test:  move to the current line .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  declare   move
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  sets the date on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates data for the user .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  list   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieve the set of enrollments to the given user .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the current ioloop object .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  list   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the distance between two vectors .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  null   product
truth:  cross   product

test:  test cloning a git repository from a git url .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  test   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  pick only the channels in the channels .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  pick   channels

test:  create a diff of indentation from a notebook and returns a handle .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  get   output
truth:  generate   a

test:  create a copy palette that should be used to lag name/version .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a cubehelix palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get default currency .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  return   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as an api .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  to   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  extracts the information and the oauth token from a given http token .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  do   info
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a string for a stable url .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  convert a list of all requests required by matched into a flat list .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  attributes   format
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new empty shortcut .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   gegenbauer
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  decode an encoded data five five five by the five decode it to unicode .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  return   one
truth:  check   a

test:  remove any tap tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   a

test:  returns a relative version of a resource .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   show
truth:  return   a

test:  decorate a function that ignores streams and stderr .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  code   mock
truth:  replaces   a

test:  merges the repository mirror to the filename of the repository mirror .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  logging   information
truth:  apply   a

test:  helper function that is called in rfc 2822 .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  show the subprocess backends .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  load   state
truth:  add   add

test:  notify subscribed users about new unit .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  attributes   notify
truth:  notify   notify

test:  detects whether path is a bracketregion .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  if   glob
truth:  get   nginx

test:  track the rfxtrx events .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  check that the given dict is a list of memcache .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  converts all nested keys in "data_dict" to their primary keys .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  set   set

test:  return the data in the lowstate file .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  take   null
truth:  create   a

test:  set adjust option as integer .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  adjust   float
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the specified file is valid .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  change the amount of memory allocated to vm cli example: .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  change   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  provide data for the selected analysis of a sound file .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  git   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  escape & .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  escape   html
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check whether the course has access to this course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  given   api
truth:  if   null

test:  return information about the doctest .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  return   image
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the homematic thermostat .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account table details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the maximum single-commodity .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  null   a
truth:  find   a

test:  get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  create   api
truth:  get   api

test:  returns true if the container exists .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  helper function for microsite for creating an carrier for the given permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute the orient triangular surface .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  apply   function
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  convert a value to a different type .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the most recent pages for use in the twitter .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  registers vcs handler for the supplied vcs .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  register   cast
truth:  to   decorator

test:  assign an additional arguments to an existing package .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  function   message
truth:  render   a

test:  check that mayavi .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  sanitize filename in the given directory .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  name   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  convert timestamp to timestamp .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  convert   try
truth:  given   day

test:  test read epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  read   graph
truth:  test   epochs

test:  parse a snapshot description into a dict .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  convert   parse
truth:  xml   xml

test:  generate an array of samples that is used to generate a random integer within the dimensions .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a datacenter this will create a datacenter with the given instance in the datacenter .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert accentuated .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  fill   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates a property usage for an operation on the given type .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  function   null
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  creates an instantiated class for each class in a class .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  used   point
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator to indicate that the given string is a valid zipfile .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   decorator
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  renders a row for the foundation page .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  generates the common joined joined file and print a list of metric .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  stack   group
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate a new session code .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  uploads an object to the encryption key and checks .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  find the evalf of a function .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return windows .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return m and normal matrix .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   matrix
truth:  return   matrix

test:  converts a non-naive instance to a protocol instance .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  load a module with the specified module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  cast the value to upper case .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  text   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a dictionary mapping the pairs to each input data .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  returns the blended transform of json-safe .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  obtain input reader parameters according to specification .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  input   parameters
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure that the named index is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  loads an image shape .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  short   calculate
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return true if the string is a valid remote string or contains a valid remote e .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the url of a backend to be complete .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  url   url

test:  configure the service on the rest reactor .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  run   a
truth:  start   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  returns a new id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that all editable to create a list .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  tests   editable

test:  checks if the cuda is disabled .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  return   set
truth:  used   function

test:  replaces link in page with page from wikify .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  parse   generate
truth:  null   one

test:  returns a nicer for a particular path .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if given sequence is a valid sequence .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  verify   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the homematic thermostat .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --target .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  same as a / b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of the pootle version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a contain entry for use in tests .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory for creating entity items .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  pull stim channel from data .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  override   list
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  return label with label encoding .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  template   exists
truth:  draw   a

test:  convert a dictionary of characters to keyset .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  converts   strips
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return string to log/print explaining the given code .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  try to prog command in a given directory .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  return   url
truth:  extract   null

test:  displays options and returns the display tree .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  display   a
truth:  given   a

test:  model a case with upload concurrency .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  model   a

test:  load the train given its file .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of tile tile for the given state .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a test cases that yields global param_dict .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  test label calculation .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  io   io
truth:  io   io

test:  return a union object for the given target .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  make   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  parses a gene record .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path to the theme theme by the current request .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we have a duplicate value for packages .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory userstory representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   move

test:  this is called to ensure that any scalarselects can be installed .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  module   image
truth:  null   docs

test:  return true if a is not not not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively remove an objects from the provided objects remove all the attributes of a primitive .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  tries to parse given value as a string using the content type .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  convert   one
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  null   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  initialize the module .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  make   parse
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return and locate a role from its language-dependent .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  handle   role
truth:  locate   null

test:  should not create a user with appropriate memberships .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two strings while protecting equal to a single line .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  compare   details
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that the given permission has the permissions for the author and migrating .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  drill a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  temperature   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  checks if the given string is a unedited template .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  needs   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  project redirects view and form view .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  prints out a blobs access control list for the given user and list .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  called   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  add a media to media request .
truth: the media page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   media

test:  converts a string to an integer .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  converts   inverse
truth:  given   a

test:  get the base directory of the file containing the files in the directory .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the helpful hmac hmac body of the given secret .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse a request into a dictionary .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  gets change summary of the given model .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  returns   sets
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the printed output of the given string .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  turn   print
truth:  save   stdout

test:  check if a set of predictions distribution is prob .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  null   measurement
truth:  null   measurement

test:  align -> int rounds x up to nearest array a given array .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  count   function
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a config file .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parse   properties
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple kid to print an rsa message .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  maps   null
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render a icon .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  renders   handle
truth:  render   a

test:  wrapper around stdout .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  capture   capture

test:  converts all newlines in a piece of plain text to html line breaks .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  return a call to indicate that the environment for the current environment vars .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  null   implements
truth:  return   a

test:  writes /usbkey/config .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  computes the inverse of square matrix .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this function uses a class to search results in a particular object .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  convenience function to create a url for ssl connection .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   connect

test:  test import of nt examples .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   error
truth:  test   test

test:  execute the salt cloud storage .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  call   call

test:  parses an aware datetime parsed from a date and converts it to a unix timestamp .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  get   get
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute a list of the fingerprint for a specific objects .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  extracts system seconds from system .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get or create an ec2 volume uuid from the given ec2-id .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create an imageproperty object from the data .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  create   load
truth:  create   create

test:  get the repository directory of the repository .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  write environment to a given request .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  take   send
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test logo ignore ignore ignore .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   logo
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a boolean reflecting a primitive .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  return   item
truth:  given   a

test:  adds useful attributes to the users enrollment field for the given user .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  set   enrollment
truth:  add   add

test:  physicists laguerre polynomial of the first kind .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  returns   score
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  wait for a server to appear with some master .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  open or create database tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   close
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: copyartifact-build-selector set environment variables to the value of the build process requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:envinject plugin <envinject+plugin> .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  fake test .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  prompt   null
truth:  function   function

test:  invalidate certificate certificates information for students with information in the certificate download entry in studio .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  install   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  copy a snapshot snapshot to a snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  make   a

test:  return a list of all the spec .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  clears the plugins .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   filesystem
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  uploads a rendition for the old file to the configured instance of the file .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  obtain   a

test:  helper method to dispatch name to a dispatch name .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a role from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  rename playlists playlist .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rebuild   html
truth:  rename   a

test:  write an xml formatting .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator that locks the decorated function as position .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  computes the leading entropy of a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  marks a function as deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  null   null
truth:  flags   a

test:  load a class object from the provided alias or limiting .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   class

test:  find the maximum flow of a maximum positive integer s .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  build   find
truth:  find   a

test:  find the p-th power of an interval .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  validates   find
truth:  return   a

test:  test zinnia .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  mocked   test
truth:  test   test

test:  attaches a new security group .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  record   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  build a javascript source files for the backend .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  array   run
truth:  run   run

test:  encode a entrance exam and converts it to a entrance exam .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  accepts   key
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check if a path is a unsaved tag .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a subplot figure with a given plot .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  declare a function function by disconnecting it with the given function .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  computes the area of the auc and y .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   area

test:  strong apiproxy .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  if   compare
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display a message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a fuse .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  retrieve   usage
truth:  null   null

test:  return the current port number of clusters with the passed name .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  raises   a
truth:  return   return

test:  move to history .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  to   move
truth:  to   move

test:  creates a to diff diff .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  constructs   a

test:  format the given vlan_id .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   string
truth:  format   format

test:  initialize the global post-test in both the logging and the cogent .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  return the characters in the ampersands .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  to   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  assign   role
truth:  remove   role

test:  tries to find an element in the tree .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get the percentage of the global terminal ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  wrapper for istrusted .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  test parsing of engformatter .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  parse   test
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a class from an object .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  import   a

test:  train a single installation model for the given train and train it to the training .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  using   path
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a module exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  confirm that us us to be present .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  load   use
truth:  set   set

test:  set the aesthetic style for the given style scale .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  make   set
truth:  set   set

test:  default billship handler for billship .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   locale
truth:  default   default

test:  fail if given objects are equal .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  reports   asserts
truth:  if   null

test:  return current time in milliseconds since utc date .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   return
truth:  null   system

test:  create a plain-text usage of python and string .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  combines   null

test:  testing when the activation token is created .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  email   send
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the size of all logs that are present in the given logs .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  cast bytes to bytes .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  file   equivalent
truth:  cast   a

test:  a context manager that logs a time in a with statement .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   signals
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  like   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  generate the grains .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns an http credentials that displays the default credentials .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  default   null
truth:  returns   application

test:  return a list of the names in the given list .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  dumps the javascript source code for display in javascript files .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dump   serialize
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect multiple option values into a list .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  list   multiple
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  return the configuration name for this dependency .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  return   config
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  validate the given string .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  compare the gc of the current informations to the boundcolumns .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   status

test:  parses a querystring header string for a given format .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  format   module
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new xor cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  used to get a single file from the salt master and grain .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  return   files
truth:  to   null

test:  creates a new target with the specified name from the target name .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  is   null

test:  only load this module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print the number of entries in the layer .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   get
truth:  print   print

test:  unpack a numpy array into a packed .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   a

test:  generate a pairs for integer x and labels .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  build html for the given format .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  display   a
truth:  returns   html

test:  uninstall a feature using its account .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  uninstall   remove
truth:  disables   null

test:  converts a string into a numerical .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   filter

test:  get the device device by name .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  trim a front attribute .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trims   register
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return true if mode is from a character special device file .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve the name of a package that is series for a given python package .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  grab   names
truth:  name   resolver

test:  appends an integer to a human readable number .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  create   string
truth:  encodes   a

test:  provide the tooltips for the client_secrets filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns a list of fallback to install header strings .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  get   locale
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the value of an run hits hits .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  sets   one
truth:  function   function

test:  get the profile dialog .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  corrects the jfif extension to match the specified css to the options .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  null   pass
truth:  replace   replace

test:  choose a random integer according to the given nonce .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   a

test:  try to decide which would be pattern into utf-8 .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  host   null
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns the url for the comment .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  translate   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from gray to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  this waits for parallel to pickle @todo: sets the system to parallel error .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  click   a
truth:  run   a

test:  function that will represent functions as symbol .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  generate a list of objects mapping .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  create   a

test:  grant access to the shared folders .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  access   access

test:  return true if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  tests that file encodings .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  to   file
truth:  null   null

test:  renders an openid form .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  used   case
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the vector dot product of two sets of strings .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  adjust   linear
truth:  null   relu

test:  get all the collected matching a product .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   a
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dry helper function to set the saturation of array of entries .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  to   set
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  statechangereason a path is a string .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  add   os
truth:  convert   paths

test:  indent text .
truth: indent text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  registers a locale to the current device .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  create a base class for a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  order   a
truth:  create   a

test:  close the current file .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  return the absolute url for a path .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  save data to a str .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  save   a
truth:  saves   image

test:  set nginx port for bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  joins   vm
truth:  set   nginx

test:  returns a list of kb urls .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   vulnerabilities
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a relase .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a json data structure to a flat dictionary .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  return   a

test:  directory using directory or folder folder .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  require   a

test:  merge the index from a dictionary .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  scrub the viewpoint logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  grant   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  create a new setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  creates   stop
truth:  return   distribution

test:  returns a mor object for a given property type .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  get   property
truth:  returns   returns

test:  obtain a token to a given http token .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  destroy the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the http app .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: phabricator this plugin allows you to provide what the build with the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:envinject .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   process
truth:  null   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read the given streams and returns as byte string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  computes the total radius of a graph neighbors .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  performs   parameters
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  utility wrapper to create a list of event events .
truth: list instances . 
test:  missing   list
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute the maximum phasediff for phasediff .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  computes   dependencies
truth:  compute   compute

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  an object representing a datastore and other ip addresses .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  return   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  returns information about the classifiers endpoints .
truth: view that . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  view   view

test:  tests datetimes are date concatenation with datetimes accepts get-like and date prefix .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  tests   access
truth:  get   get

test:  save the model portion of a model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  save   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a x identifier function from the sections in sos .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  to   compute
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generates share link to a dict of links in a list .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  generate   structure
truth:  share   share

test:  ensure the validation has validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  process   process

test:  returns true if string is a number-like string .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  resolve an transport by name .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  sanitize   transport
truth:  get   transport

test:  check whether a string is old and can be accessed as an object .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  convert   parse
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  check if an image id is a valid image id .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  performs a matrix for a matrix x .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate all possible pairs in a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the value of expected attribute from the current value .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  use   categories
truth:  use   a

test:  a function for retrieving **get .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  null   alternative

test:  eclean -> true/false arguments: package : pkgs .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  format   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the md5sum of a given string .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  generates a random symrand .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the named function doesnt exist .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a valid email with email addresses .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  url   null
truth:  mask   mask

test:  convert the given types to a tuple of dicts .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  check if a process with a process handled by combining a process .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  process   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  contactfield add .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the unbuckle basis for both basis and normal basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   space

test:  url only a query parameters .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  create   parameters
truth:  generate   a

test:  return class by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   symbol

test:  create a new class that serves threaded threaded threaded into two functions that prevents the current image threaded .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   version
truth:  create   a

test:  provide the swift swift key as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort an iterable .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  converts a title name to a length by comparing it to the internet line .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get a path to the points of a loop .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   portion

test:  sanity check the deadlocks module .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  file   guess
truth:  to   tests

test:  sets the identity message and the corresponding identity message .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  store   a

test:  indexes the square root of an axis .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return a copy of the named string .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  parses   html
truth:  null   null

test:  request to have a task .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run errors from signal handler with signal handlers .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  retry   implementation
truth:  function   function

test:  sometimes you get an url by a user and so it can safely be included as a real url .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  using   encode
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a boolean reflecting the current host using the multiprocessing middleware .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  launch   example
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  add data points to a set of chunksize name .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  add   custom
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ljust -> string return a right-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  resolves the given object to a callable .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  function   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a key/value pair in a dictionary of key/value pairs to a dictionary .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  parsing   a
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  extracts the version string from the os .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  format   format

test:  return the current options .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  get   api
truth:  return   a

test:  return a predicate which is true entries in iterable and false entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   a

test:  software configs resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  test   resource
truth:  null   members

test:  return square-free composition of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  performs   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  return a cache subnet group .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  computes a network cost for a regularize layer .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle tristate output bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  toggle   information
truth:  control   control

test:  make sure we have the ca filesystem folder .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  default   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  install signals on each line .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  assure   null

test:  returns the service name associated with a service .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  check   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  calculations with the inverse of the current timestamp t [0 .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   inverse

test:  encode a password using base64 .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a container .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  swap   swap
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with topo_view instead of x .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  using   train
truth:  using   train

test:  delete an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   set
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a formatted time in integer format as a date .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  is   datetime
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of unique constraints for a given table .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   a

test:  sample mv of a mixture matrix by applying a mixture distribution parameters dist : writeme rvs : ndarray .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  extract a string .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  null   text
truth:  null   cases

test:  gets the filename of the file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   file
truth:  gets   null

test:  function for information to cast additional information to a nested variable .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  return   function
truth:  interpret   null

test:  guess the extension based on the var_name and type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  compare the query to a json record .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  query   multiple
truth:  query   query

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  unignores   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the list of oslo_config classes for this plugin .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   page
truth:  add   add

test:  halt specified zone .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  prepares   a
truth:  halt   null

test:  returns as many server-wwns as combined with sample data .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a string contains a plain text names .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  return   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  get   get

test:  casts value to fixed dicts .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  float   inverse
truth:  null   utility

test:  flag an authorization form of a request .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  add   a
truth:  email   email

test:  print helpful b .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   b

test:  decodes an adapter request .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  document   a
truth:  document   document

test:  return true if filename matches a graph .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   framework

test:  share the config .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   null

test:  compute the epipole and returns a set of images .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  compute   sqlalchemy
truth:  computes   null

test:  is this a python-markdown autoscaling .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set new key input .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  set   view
truth:  enable   enable

test:  take an array of masked arrays and returns it .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  handles   index
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   const

test:  compute the job job of the job .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  the log of the system .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  do   nth
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  test if there is a matrix of partial overlap .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  calculate   test
truth:  compute   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  test on windows 9 .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  convert symbols like when a pdfdocencoding .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   characters
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove a powershell dsc .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert a config can be changed on config .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  run the given command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  run   a

test:  encodes a bytearray into integer .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  restart the specified app .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  restart   restart

test:  update the given apikey .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create an iis application pool .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return power spectral density using welchs method .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  return   x
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check that the summary is available .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  dump error message but continue .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  error   error

test:  validates that value matches a valid string .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  value   value

test:  pass pil pil images in ninja and return for unix mismatch images .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  submit   im1
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  whether a site has a stable .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  send http note to a resource in seconds cli example: .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  retain   null
truth:  pushing   a

test:  generate the channel .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  module   replace
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the cached inventory size and return the device size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  to   access
truth:  to   access

test:  update a rollout rollout .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  update   translation
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic 3-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rewrite an best evaluated in diffing .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  array   user
truth:  to   try

test:  check that a bug is ignored .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  null   test
truth:  check   check

test:  take a service element and return a sorted list of tuples .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  given   expand
truth:  take   a

test:  make a call to the extruder expansion of a terminal .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and return a converted date for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  builds a relative url string for the given prefix .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  build   build

test:  various various tests .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  loads   tests
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a path to the audio loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  given   directory
truth:  loops   loops

test:  get password for given doctype .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  get   information
truth:  return   a

test:  allow between serial proposal .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  null   strip
truth:  allows   null

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  needed   =
truth:  return   return

test:  unsubscribe a new email .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  called   use
truth:  null   null

test:  compute scoreatpercentile and scoreatpercentile of the gamma of the given 'fraction' .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get all defined defined in the database .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  get a list of full elements for a specific resource .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the transaction status .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister a named path - ie .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   null

test:  test for nodes of g .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  test   return
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  create a message .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  builds   function
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  asserts that no error meets no validation errors .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   asserts
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  fixture that mocks and run a text factory for each text .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  wrap   decorate
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper to lxc .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator for marking a function or method into the test case .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  decorates   messages
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse fk4 statistic .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  turn   parse
truth:  string   string

test:  given an :class: .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  given   helper
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a string with spaces in the tsv .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recurs all the files and dirs and dirs and dirs and dirs and dirs dirs .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurs   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  initializes the vm handler .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  initialize   init
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a range of values from the selected database cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to fif all instance_type tuples and return them .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  return   a

test:  queries event callbacks and parse the results field .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  results   a
truth:  send   a

test:  tests that imap trash when a folder starts with a folder trash trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the status for a service via systemd .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  run   return
truth:  function   function

test:  import a module by name .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  import   try
truth:  imports   a

test:  initalize the windows namespace .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  intialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute categorical crossentropy from distances between vectors and vectors .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  compute   error
truth:  return   return

test:  display an 304 .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   try

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  replaces   version
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  loads a given crash to the given images report .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  given   null

test:  make a simple attributes with the attributes set .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  send a notification notification to the x-arg-check notification .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  function   a
truth:  process   process

test:  load a model .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  return   load
truth:  null   null

test:  build up html in the console .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  build   scipy

test:  check for gogrid configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  returns the global testing object .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  returns   view
truth:  performs   a

test:  create an object for use in order to connect to the current page .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test that vcs a vcs requirement fails with a vcs version .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get incoming shape from incoming graph .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  get   adjust
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use json to import json object .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  list   a
truth:  import   a

test:  set the api parameter in the request api .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  module   module

test:  create a profile configuration dict for ini .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  build   configuration
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  test for nastiness-removal in the transfields language code .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  given   set
truth:  test   html

test:  instantiates a console keys and returns a dict with the proper long keys .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  entry point for the application .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  parse   logging
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypts a string using the given key .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the socket file system .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  converts a dictionary to a string using the nonstandard .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  to   date
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a commit message for the given suggestion object .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  send   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  degree of degree number in degree and python 3 .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  read a file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  return   read
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a list of unique values for a given type .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that nvidia by the function loads correctly with cuda objects .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   gateway
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a dictionary with user information for each user provider .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  creates   add
truth:  computes   null

test:  validates an xml file against a raised schema .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  blockdevice a dataset_id from a datasetid .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  convert string containing numpy array to scipy info in each subject string .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  find   groups

test:  ensure that the named database is absent name the name of the user to remove user the user to connect as password the user to remove user host the user
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a connection to the title of the given title .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  import   try
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a text key .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete a job by id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  make a joined that will return something as a safe .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  move through history .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   back

test:  replaces apostrophe character with a transformation followed by a constant comment .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  replaces   apostrophe
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get a tcp tcp server info .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap request handler so that its response is not executed .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  start the shell command to see if the openssl already exists .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  pure implementation of the files .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   a

test:  starts the application instance .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  updates a cache slug for the given id .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  wait until a response has completed .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  note   note

test:  create a student .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  installs   cell
truth:  function   function

test:  clean out data from a ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  splits a list of headers into a dictionary of 2-element headers and write the form pairs to a dictionary of headers .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  splits   doc
truth:  given   a

test:  expands the string to a comma file and return a compressed string containing the number of tabs .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  is   null
truth:  function   function

test:  find an image device mapping .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  block   block

test:  return return true if object has at least one .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   expand
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a random string with random chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorator to tell the command and can be not supported in the path .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   decorator

test:  replacement for multisetpartitiontraverser .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  parse   stack
truth:  validates   validates

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an expression from a primitive expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a version .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  send   send
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the code for a given code .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a directory that is associated to a given url .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a child or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse a template into a dictionary .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  returns   imports
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  send   send

test:  return all functions of functions .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  null   a
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  install a cabal package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   list
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  null   null

test:  reads the header and returns a string of the datastore .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  validate user settings using settings that have not defined to leave strings .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  log   null
truth:  null   method

test:  do all of the default monkey patching .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  patch   function
truth:  do   null

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  get all receivers from all receivers .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  list   transport
truth:  list   list

test:  convert two strings into a cryptographically .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a little helper method that checks if the audio has been modified .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the grains from the proxied device if successful .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get filter_template by point .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  code   get
truth:  get   get

test:  manage the website format .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  call hibernate on windows .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  null   osx
truth:  null   windows

test:  private wrapper for mutual .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return line number that is a line .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   a
truth:  obtain   line

test:  delete a vm vm .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  function   delete
truth:  stop   a

test:  the samples in a source variable .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   a

test:  length-byte stream of random data from a random data structure .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  read a file .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if g is a groebner basis .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return a dict mapping the job ids to job information .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json managed sink to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check whether value is arbitrary arbitrary arbitrary unit .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  if   check
truth:  test   test

test:  test training overlay with tf-mxne fix we dont add a overlay as new name .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   download
truth:  test   image

test:  list whether or not the computer will automatically return a :return: if supported :return: a string value representing the zones :rtype: string cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  list   list
truth:  displays   a

test:  creates a new package and returns a cl .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a single header line as quoted-printable .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  validates whether each validator gets all of the validator specified in the validator list .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  null   validation

test:  check if the named service is disabled at boot .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  handle exceptions by pyyaml when both are run .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns a dict with the given exploration limit .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders a placeholder jinja2 .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  return   null
truth:  render   a

test:  adds or updates the policy for the specified key .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  iterator over all lines in csv format and never them .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display the metric matching the current metric .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  display   remote
truth:  display   display

test:  find the command .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  split   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the hyperbolic letter of f in e .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   calling
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get geometry output by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  write a line to a file .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  write   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the path to the service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  module   service
truth:  get   a

test:  return the current configuration name .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific wmf image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return all chunks of grammar in a set of chunks .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  add   plugin
truth:  sort   sort

test:  escape & .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  function   function

test:  load and perform a dataset .
truth: load the data . 
test:  load   data
truth:  load   load

test:  decorator for adding a function to a target command .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a list of all the texture linked to the datas .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   null

test:  query the help api links .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  put   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write translated translations to a csv file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  writes   set
truth:  write   a

test:  back-end method to add a person entity .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  format   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a color is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  compute fft .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  return the source line from a source object .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  source   search
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  guess the given file .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   null
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns an team state for a given team .
truth: given a request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  save an item to a json file .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a subscription protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load a module from its file .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a dictionary of the keys found in settings .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  known   find

test:  import a module and return a list of all available python modules .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   a

test:  create a link that renders a javascript link to a javascript file .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   containers
truth:  running   running

test:  generates a dictionary of events and localized to localized .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a mod path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  map   null
truth:  given   a

test:  compute m in two low-level objects .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  task to perform all macros in the type_specifier database .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  wrap a file in the given language file object .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  load   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  decorator to provide a known known action to a sessions sessions .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load a jose and return it as a jose .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   rsa

test:  returns a humanize date .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  given   datetime
truth:  format   date

test:  generates get-torrent .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  put a linear parameter string and returns the ajax tuple as requested .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  null   method

test:  password reset reset .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  view   view

test:  translate a global locale .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  map   api
truth:  translates   null

test:  returns a color of data with qcolor .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  format   a
truth:  color   names

test:  initializes a clip clip .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  null   one

test:  convert characters that arent printable to long integer .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new modulestore instance for testing .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  creates   handle
truth:  null   null

test:  applies one or more nagios application .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  put   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  check if a named service is installed .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dict of all the rows in a cursor .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to start a worker in a subprocess .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  context   contextmanager
truth:  embedded   start

test:  return the raw sequence of a sequence .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  return   alias
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print the name of an traceback .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  print   up

test:  return points at corner index .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  filter out data from a given string .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  sample   data
truth:  samples   samples

test:  return a new cache record for a cache file .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  am   am

test:  the restful handler for orphan and requests .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  dispatch   null
truth:  view   view

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  updates   statement
truth:  executes   a

test:  test to ensure that functions are available .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of all xblocks that have access to the specified course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  divide all coefficients by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  gcd   null
truth:  raise   f

test:  simulates a users login to access a user .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  changes   handler
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all optimizers in a grid of a given providers_list and lower functions all admitting a signle optimizers .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return a ctypes version as a ctypes process .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specialized copy of a fitness that preserves <> by replacing a fitness with no other member than a fitness .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  when passed through the django call .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  called   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  get the topic type for a given provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if user has access to this course .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  elliptic digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  jacobian of a random expression .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get key rotation for specified key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   status

test:  check for etag at the given header at once or is an upgrade .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  replace   information
truth:  function   function

test:  merges the kolmogorov-smirnov dict and l{long} .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  a login login login to the console log .
truth: login to router . 
test:  write   null
truth:  to   login

test:  cast python interpreter to bool value .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  file   input
truth:  change   change

test:  simple case of uploading one pool .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  null   email
truth:  try   a

test:  helper function that initializes colorize and build a list of colorize .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create prog locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  null   append
truth:  create   create

test:  get the path of an contract file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new event transaction .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  this is the command line parameters according to the start and end them as the command line .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  find the prefix in the given directory that should be included .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  decorator for marking that the unimplemented .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  validates that removal_version is valid .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  convert   convenience
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  display graph .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  install   verifies
truth:  display   a

test:  add article article to certain linguistics .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  construct   interface
truth:  return   return

test:  return x based on [lat .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  to   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  parameter parameter and return a dict .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  default   a
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  makes a string for a task_id: failures by mime text .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  split   split

test:  stochastic gradient descent backprop for two rotations .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  computes   i
truth:  null   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  send note to an instantiated log .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  verifies   warnings
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  convert   verifies
truth:  given   a

test:  return the system path of the server manager .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  function   users
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator for six objects in python 2 and implementing methods .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  is   string
truth:  return   return

test:  return a json formatted stream fields containing a value .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  file   file

test:  resolve a dictionary to a given type .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  show the status of an ssh instance .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  call   set
truth:  return   return

test:  view that handles a change user account .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  move   view
truth:  ban   a

test:  returns dataset from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  databook   returns

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  update   add
truth:  compute   h

test:  setup python index .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  creates   information
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns ip address for a given request .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  replace @simplefilter version of exponent with higher zero runtime .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  null   momentum
truth:  returns   a

test:  instantiate and processes the template with a template .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  changes   django

test:  turn an expression into a multinomial form .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  have   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a aeon of the functions that is installed .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  return   handle
truth:  null   null

test:  form add .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if the given string is an integer .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs the command as a shell command .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the image model class for the given string .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  get   get

test:  return a string corresponding to the given uuid .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   task

test:  get path path with overhangs removed and ensure that it exists .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   segment
truth:  get   get

test:  convert an ascii representation of value to a extrapolate type and fill .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  to   helper

test:  accept the current line of the current line .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  inserts   move
truth:  null   numeric

test:  returns the type string for the given address or type .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this creates a new vm and returns it if it has no start to start with the start process .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  null   a
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  test that uris are in the same test as the exceptions .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  null   assertraisesregexp
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return a list of fixes for each leaf in the given leaf .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  apply   functions

test:  read a file with data in the wrong delimiter .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  missing   parse
truth:  test   failure

test:  compute a polynomial of the largest integer n .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  convert   name
truth:  count   count

test:  read raw data as raw object .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  object   object

test:  lae: is x .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone from a master and play on specified slaves .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  determines if a microsite is a consistent type .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the byte bits as a string .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator to run a function in a reactor reactor .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  behave   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  update the feature structure of a variable with its binding .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  use   return
truth:  return   return

test:  unset unset attributes from the current site pull .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  associate   context
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  returns true if the given string looks like a regular expression .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  choose local separately or primer exception from primer to primer a primer .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  null   use
truth:  perform   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  find the path to the file for atom or complete atom .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get or set the radial ticklines for a polar plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  call   current
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new parent of the given parent object .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  creates   action
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  set the title of the current thread .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  set   attributes
truth:  null   dummy

test:  return true if the given object is a nose class class .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the aliyun region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a generator of dict of number of strings .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   strings

test:  copies a those master to the master .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  require the pootle language .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  null   language

test:  ensures that the target is certain to targets for the specified target .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  creates   build
truth:  null   null

test:  a page .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  index   index
truth:  null   events

test:  create a flow from a clientsecrets file .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  flush   function
truth:  create   a

test:  get info about an available extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   info
truth:  get   info

test:  square-free square-free factorization of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to convert quota reference to milliseconds .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  add   redirect
truth:  function   function

test:  return the length of a prefix based sql string .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  returns   verifies
truth:  construct   null

test:  default literal block block block handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  disconnect   document
truth:  default   literal

test:  generate a list of affected nodes for a given addon .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  return   field
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute polynomial composition f(g) in gf(p)[x] for finite finite fields .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  polynomials   f
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse them in a test suite .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  samples   validates
truth:  build   build

test:  upload a filepath to s3 .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns the number of bits in an iterable .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  null   count
truth:  null   elements

test:  convert two image to 16-bit dimensions of the image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named character .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parses   a

test:  add a value to the dictionary .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  add an first account to the users dataverse .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  set   view
truth:  verifies   new

test:  counts the number of entries in a counts .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  make   count
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  verify the datastore for the datastore and exploration user .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  use   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a customized decorator that allows you to use with certain attributes .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  like   strings
truth:  get   a

test:  class decorator .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   set

test:  adds a taps to the cleaner event on the root node .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   one

test:  raises an accesserror if name is not a valid name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  check   check

test:  renders final parameters and renders it with the filters .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  create   render
truth:  missing   null

test:  search for a specific search as an installed search .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  search   list
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents deletion .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  returns a string that prints to the given color .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   check

test:  get the profile dialog .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  write anchor to file .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   null
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  set the alternate setting of the specified device .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  update   update

test:  get the loops for the loops .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   matrices
truth:  get   get

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary and scrub the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get a file path to the context .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  gets   file
truth:  null   null

test:  compares a string according to the locale .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  task delete page .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  delete   time
truth:  time   time

test:  computes the picklable of the input array .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  calculate the number of samples for a distribution .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the pairwise kernels kernels between two phone samples .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add a plan to a plan .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  function   url
truth:  return   a

test:  create an restructuredtext project .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  create   create

test:  private method calls a blob from a datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  check if the books books is available .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  null   check
truth:  call   call

test:  allow basic header to classes and verifies that a mysql is valid .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  request   view
truth:  null   http

test:  renders a node as a rendered tree .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  markdown   render
truth:  render   render

test:  returns a function that returns a simple dict .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  get block device mapping for instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  extracts the content from a text string .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  transforms   path

test:  return the attribute of an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filter values in the filter result .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  result   result

test:  delete an inventory inventory .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  update   null
truth:  delete   up

test:  returns true if any of the config module was changed .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  parsing   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  sort ip address from source_repo .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   ip
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  the form of type .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  value   a
truth:  null   a

test:  register a new routes for the given application .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   register
truth:  null   helper

test:  context manager that ignores validation and set the django validation .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  fires the given pattern for each process .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  processes   processes

test:  provides details for a comment request .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  null   maximum
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the integer flag after the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  certificates controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   certificates
truth:  null   controller

test:  find event with a list of plugins .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  polygon   null
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the re-run response for matrices .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  compute   nova
truth:  round   round

test:  verify that an attribute is explicitly against a set of attributes .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator that allows methods to load the given dynamic function .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  function   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   bevel
truth:  get   bevel

test:  returns the language code for the given guid and name .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  context manager to capture the object x in an array .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  null   a
truth:  control   control

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   a
truth:  close   a

test:  extracts the version string from node output of a dictionary .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  return   null
truth:  take   pacman

test:  compute the spectral radius of the similarity .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  return   app
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to match a partition partition into the websocket but not the device .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  match   close
truth:  matches   device

test:  test nested pretty prefix for hug prefix .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  test   django
truth:  context   context

test:  moves files to the container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  rename   attributes
truth:  files   files

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json json model representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  modify parameters to be updated in changed .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  modify   parameters
truth:  set   set

test:  tests that the range of scale keypoints is a valid range .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   difference

test:  change the first word of the python statement .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  sets   helper
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieves the primary vdi for a vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  try to dynamic a import import .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  import   import

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  replaces   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  make sure standby records are running .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  return   system
truth:  null   windows

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   a
truth:  to   null

test:  expected inclusion_tag_current_app __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculate the cumulative weights of the password weights .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  squares   helper
truth:  check   check

test:  check if the metadata is of an group of the group .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  if   install
truth:  if   check

test:  return the state of a given identity key as a tuple .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  grab   try
truth:  look   up

test:  save the load to the given jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  save   null
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   services
truth:  list   services

test:  returns whether a given user has access to a given request .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add mathjax script to rst .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  add   content
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  getting the content of a script that is unique to be used .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  check if clause has present in the given list of clause .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  creates the directory .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  create   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  loads common settings from the console .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  function   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the callable callable to use in key exchange .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  handle the parent directory -> qaction .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  verifies   mount
truth:  open   open

test:  disallow log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  run the generic application .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  run   display
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse a list of lines starting with the given parameters .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a page from an href url .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  given   null

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  check that the version of the modules are implemented and ec2 .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return information about a free free free folder .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   tags
truth:  return   return

test:  return the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an personas reviewer reviewer .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns true if the two children are equivalent in the two dictionaries .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  null   configure
truth:  compare   compare

test:  set a machinectl to a service .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   user

test:  initialize the directories .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a queue was executed .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  check   null
truth:  function   function

test:  if the permission is created with the given name .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  require   download
truth:  to   helper

test:  detect incomplete statements from a list of comprehension .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  ensure   filters
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the given properties on an consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a new value containing a valid python value .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  return   string
truth:  builds   null

test:  read and return a sqlite specification .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  read   a

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  to   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tests that "page" image can be loaded .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  attempts to resolve a reverse table .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  change   reverse
truth:  lookup   a

test:  return the http cached http cached http cached http object .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all registered vms .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  use the same angle as convolutional .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a tuple into a tuple .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  flatten   f
truth:  convert   f

test:  return the path to the test file .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  create ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   vpnservice
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  create a subplot plot .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  remove transcript .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  renames   null

test:  returns integer ids of the retrives ids .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   integer

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  files   files

test:  identities' add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to mark a function as side_effect .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: add another coroutine to the function .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  wrap   add
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course_id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a output file for a protocols .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  null   print
truth:  unsets   a

test:  returns a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  text   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a view resource view .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  call   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  publish a review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  close   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  returns a parsed text from a string .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the runner scenarios to create a scenario .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  make   directory
truth:  make   a

test:  return the number of nodes .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   node
truth:  return   return

test:  flags a user .
truth: create a role . 
test:  command   script
truth:  create   a

test:  view function that displays the follow view .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  allows   a

test:  show help help page .
truth: print help message . 
test:  use   null
truth:  help   help

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   number

test:  load all modules .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  this returns a single port for the host .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  return   information
truth:  combine   null

test:  helper function which will get attribute and accounts a dict with the attributes specified attributes .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  find   reference
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return data for a network .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return strings in lengths lengths .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  measures   null

test:  temperature a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get access access by flavor type .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  a function that presents a node from a intermediate node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  city request using city .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   null
truth:  code   code

test:  a decorator which adds a function to the typeerror directory .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  event: add another coroutine to the function .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  call   add
truth:  null   null

test:  modifies a view function so that it is only accessible in the response .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  url   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  compute the dot product of x and y .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   virtual
truth:  compute   compute

test:  track the events in a postgres server .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  send   null
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run the reporters .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  index   prefix
truth:  index   index

test:  decode a base64 encoded string from hex encoding .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  return a list of all users .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   users

test:  add node names to given node names .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  typing   null

test:  return a random identifier .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  use coursetalk to inject coursetalk is currently being the coursetalk .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  associate   course
truth:  set   params

test:  returns a form rendering of a form associated with a particular job .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  function   null
truth:  called   null

test:  run a command in a subprocess and return its output .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  decorate a function that just initialized by beacon .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace declaration_list statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a function with the elements of the function .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given a map of assignments .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function for making a single argument .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch a path to firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  add   get
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  now now of media .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  populate   fix
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the pattern pattern in the given pattern or none if pat is a pattern .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   element

test:  like iter .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  prepares   assert
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  make sure the given certificate was created correctly .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  time   null
truth:  if   null

test:  a listify cannot use as an wrapped tree .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  function   generator
truth:  generate   a

test:  populate set of all unknown statuses .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  use   null
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the shortest edge between overall and edge nodes .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to attach tags to a dict of tags .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  create a metropolis object for a violation object with the specified name and the appropriate validator .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns the migration for a migration instance .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list with all participant participant .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  cwd cwd function .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  use this *inside* a task to install ssh key for the right class .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   decorator
truth:  install   install

test:  login using the console .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  null   file
truth:  expected   null

test:  override this fixture to change the celery worker to test suite .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this is a list if x is a list .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  null   social
truth:  ensure   null

test:  confine this module to yum systems with the user .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  provide   work
truth:  work   work

test:  check that the value is a number of strings .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  check   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   implements
truth:  implements   implements

test:  returns a list of dictionaries of jobs to use according to the given job .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  update the value of the minimum configuration in the webos .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  update   value
truth:  help   help

test:  common common code more than reverse .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  computes   iterable
truth:  null   items

test:  load current user information from context and store it to context .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  endpoint   username
truth:  return   return

test:  given a string object .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  view   size
truth:  null   null

test:  memoize a function using a memoize decorator .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  decorator to use the function to clean up any exceptions that corresponds to the function .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  use   use

test:  html fragment .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  render   null
truth:  return   html

test:  returns a list of messages that should be used in a list .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  url   in
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find a directory where a given path is a directory .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  find   null
truth:  search   search

test:  used by s3optionsfilter to provide the data for the data-ga-push .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  validates   crud
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   redirect
truth:  displays   null

test:  loads image to scale .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  create   null
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to ensure that mysql can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  null   type
truth:  to   test

test:  checks if a virtualenv exists .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  given   check
truth:  if   check

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroys   null
truth:  to   null

test:  initialize the global config file .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  run time in "faster" mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   pyexcelerate
truth:  run   run

test:  register a new device type into the system .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  calculate   register
truth:  start   a

test:  helper function to format the firewall database .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  format   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse the dictionary and generate a graftpoints table .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  parse   demonstration
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a valid region or region .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  create   get
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  load   run
truth:  return   virtual

test:  update routes for routes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  update   update
truth:  patch   patch

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   containers
truth:  restart   restart

test:  view to manage the current user .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  load   page
truth:  null   handler

test:  convert a time in a time to a string .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   t

test:  return the byte code of code in a unicode code .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  converts   check
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: rundeck this plugin allows you to provide your build failures requires the jenkins scan-build plugin <log+parser+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   configure
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  if   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   group
truth:  get   group

test:  returns true if the object has an attribute of the given attribute .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  does   attempt
truth:  wraps   a

test:  execute a shell command .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  runs   variables
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  returns a dict with the standard team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  dictionary   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a number as a string .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  format   null
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary returns a summary of entrez database .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return the current value for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   adjust
truth:  change   change

test:  format all language for a specific language .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on windows only .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  complete   null

test:  generates possible user id for the given user .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  click a new transform button and make this hierarchy .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  create   product
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  to   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  match nt indices in nt expression tree by ntlm .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  null   user
truth:  search   search

test:  generate a new instance of a type .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  move   support
truth:  check   check

test:  gets the traffic for a given campaign .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   traffic

test:  adds a quote to a specific message .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  given a value for an message .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  given   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  runs the locate command .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  change   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  runs runs the aspect command .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  solve   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  enable jquery on the addons .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  signal   remove
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  step for hardenedmoduleshook .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  insert lines into a graph object .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  diff   attempts
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   names

test:  saves model information to a json file .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  ensure   msg
truth:  model   model

test:  deserialize a python object into a dict .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parse   json
truth:  parse   json

test:  create a exemptdef account .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  call   call

test:  create a storage national national number .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  search   null
truth:  converts   number

test:  callback for key=value range .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  return   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  return a boolean indicating whether the specified name matches the specified name .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  sets   output
truth:  check   check

test:  task to add ranges to domain .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   decorator

test:  update addon totals .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  update   one
truth:  update   update

test:  check for issues given an list of issues given a list of issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test that output of 2 zoom of a positive array .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   ticket

test:  send covering response .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  register   register
truth:  null   a

test:  clone a zone from a zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  clone   swap
truth:  install   a

test:  returns whether test microversion in test microversion and test is too short version .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  select   microversion

test:  parse a shapes .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  update a student date for a entrance exam .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  receives   changes
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  translate   path
truth:  search   search

test:  run a given model .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  logging   item
truth:  assumes   null

test:  format a formatter formatter .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs an expires header for delta from now .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   header
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  return the power of max n .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  block   return
truth:  null   basis

test:  split integer to infinity .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  given   multiply
truth:  return   a

test:  create a collection .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  start watching a tweet tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  represent   factory
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  require   null

test:  search for chocolatey in the existence file .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  to   input
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a row metric .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  null   data
truth:  make   a

test:  write html to html .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  null   html
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  concatenate an array of events and t by non non events .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  gcd   validation
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  check if the stable response is a valid symmetric .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get a path with a normal along the control .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  docstring - opengl opengl commands .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  load   null
truth:  -   -

test:  test replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  invert the list of indices .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test shallow copy with a copy of variables .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  create   new
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its utf-8 full width counterpart references: * url * url * url * mysql 4 .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  union   =
truth:  appends   appends

test:  load ipython extension .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  called   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return the name of the backend associated with the given backend .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serve the client .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  return   file
truth:  called   null

test:  check that passing a multiple type with a time .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  test   check
truth:  check   length

test:  remove user information from the public interface .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  view   remove
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  parse and return the request data .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  function   parse
truth:  request   request

test:  setup the zoneminder component .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  return an hsu for the named dependency .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  given   null
truth:  add   add

test:  dimitem : expr lt expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr divide expr | expr .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a string containing a human readable format into a python list .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert numpy array to old style format and check it .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  missing   null

test:  only unicode .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a log base object for a folds function .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  computes   args
truth:  log   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  asserts   check
truth:  check   check

test:  chop an image into a given cleanup .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  set   decode
truth:  chop   chop

test:  decorator to check the specified policy corresponding to the wrapped function .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  test   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  test that initializing from a decorators with a fits header .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  make   null

test:  loads a demo file .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  parse cookies .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  make   function
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  returns a dict with keys of an image .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  socket socket .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  list key policies by key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   key
truth:  list   list

test:  return info about current node cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  return the class corresponding to the repository .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   keys

test:  decorator that respect to the subsection gating gating for the given course .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the metric definition for each metric in this metric .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  function   null
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  find if the object has a specific method in the given name .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  if   find
truth:  if   find

test:  opens and display the logins for a file .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  get   agent
truth:  null   null

test:  optimizes the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  only work when no dependency is installed .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  if   check
truth:  work   work

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a hex string into a snake_case .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   replaces
truth:  hex   hex

test:  generates a new git command to make a git command .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  command   a
truth:  command   command

test:  parse the json command line argument into json .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the extension in the given list of device .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  lists the network state for a vlan .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   state

test:  create a lazy related function related to all related operation .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  translates   iterator
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single c3 using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   mros
truth:  merges   mros

test:  indent a string with spaces in the given prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  converts the xml string to a valid xml string .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  build   optional
truth:  null   user

test:  check json for matching activity on all exceptions in request .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a local path to test a local path .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects if the agent platform is available on the system .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the strides of a sequence .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  set a key/value pair in couchdb .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display whether display is on or off :return: a string value of the "wake display :rtype: string representing the system sleep :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  display   display

test:  build a url to the api for a given slug .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  build   build
truth:  releases   releases

test:  evaluate piecewise polynomial of expression .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create a separately to python type .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  creates   a

test:  copy an absolute path to a file .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  returns whether the array broadcast broadcast is disabled .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  assist in a dictionary elements .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  use   compare
truth:  push   element

test:  block device in a acoustid device and install them to the acoustid .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  fingerprint   null
truth:  get   get

test:  computes a largest rechunk that computes the largest rechunk .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  null   up
truth:  plan   plan

test:  create a role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  create   a

test:  find out what file a directory is in the directory .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  returns   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  convert a dict of dicts into a dict .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the given html object .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  same as register_admin_extension but raises a booleanfields exception if the service has a booleanfields .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  returns a random graph using the given target/ident/fn .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  determine if there are no forbid conditional .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  get all packages .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   root

test:  render an <li> .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  link   link

test:  normalizes data to a utc query .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  takes   data
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns all courses courses to the play user .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute graph of a renames takes a reduced graph g and returns the dataset_id form of f .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  given a sql expression and a hash .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  to   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by applying a test to each object .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  must be called .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  sleep   print
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  install or upgrade app .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  configure   database
truth:  install   install

test:  returns the attribute of the given node .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  find   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string describing an instances class via its instancestate .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a breturn b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install pyenv if pyenv is installed .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  configure the global file to create the current working directory .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  configures   configures

test:  an wrap recovery channels .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  copy   picks
truth:  null   null

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a table .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   existence

test:  tests clrtype .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  url   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  along a given axis type .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  array   x
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a chunk iterator for testing .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  apply   apply

test:  ensure the original register_value bind credentials .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   ^

test:  convert a colormap to a colormap .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate the total analyze queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  to   null
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  return an iterator over expr .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  turn   msg
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert text into a dns rdata class value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  given an individual table .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   a
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  check if python source has a specific version .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  validate the google cloud instance type and raises a servicetype exception if the service is not valid .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  verify   null

test:  wrap the sessions toctree of a class .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  if   null

test:  a wrapper around datetime .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  error   sample
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the url conventions .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  validate   a

test:  news index page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  index   activity
truth:  null   null

test:  install a .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   application
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure the default plot matches the input plot .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  checks the error code returned via the function .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  checking   error
truth:  error   error

test:  read master into the master list of master s .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load the binary data as a length of exponential .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  load   binary
truth:  loads   null

test:  pulls an resource prepared .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  extract   wrapper
truth:  extract   rest

test:  importing vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   error
truth:  importing   null

test:  list all the test cases in a class by a given class .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the current compressor .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  like sparse .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  load   function
truth:  loads   a

test:  outline description takes a scenario object and mercurial .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   description

test:  converts a content to a string .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  file   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find the app file to use for the given app .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  check that a column of labels with labels .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  fixture to return a actual template .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  to   url

test:  remove all css class names from the css class .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an expression .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  emulate   expr
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  check sparse matrices with sparse and different .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  test   handles
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for route .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add the host for the given aggregate .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  associate   host
truth:  host   host

test:  update the configuration in the configuration dictionary with the given configuration .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  update   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extracts the dictionary of whitespace and properly files in the original list .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  make   null

test:  make actions to post .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  update   method
truth:  enable   a

test:  helper for scrolled .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  do   a
truth:  null   in

test:  save the string to the filename .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  save   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any commit version .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode a python unicode string .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   virtual
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  writes a gdb script to file .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  source   a

test:  adds a string to the url fragment .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  url   url

test:  process data from a source file .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  left   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  gives   mute

test:  add html new component to boilerplate .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create dock directories that will be samples in the console log .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given a string containing a jinja tags in the repository .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  text   text

test:  function table even if subcommands is true .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   delete
truth:  add   race

test:  allows a es template to another down .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a set of tuples in iterable which are not dominated by any other item in fits and represent the other value is not they can be used .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the current host manager .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  function   i
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  a decorator that makes sure the user is set .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute bounding-box regression targets for an image with rois .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   gpu

test:  wrap a test with a log license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  wrap   view
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a unicode string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  calculate the otus prim .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  provides   helper
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  returns a random integer from the range of the random number generator .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests translation table with in-db targets .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  run a generator within a user .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   runner
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape & .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare the replication and a replication against the replication svd .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return an oxml element parsed from the given string .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a quota class for the given quota and resource .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validator for stack platform .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   validator

test:  calls log() .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  calls   calls

test:  converts data to binary format .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  default   numpy
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  configures the current audio output device identifier .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   configure
truth:  configures   configures

test:  hashing the analytics analytics section access to the course .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   data
truth:  provide   data

test:  compute the fprime score method .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  null   null
truth:  regularized   null

test:  expand proper column list into a dictionary with already element .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  choose   expand
truth:  given   null

test:  parse the contents of a backup file and return a dict .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   entities

test:  download the current image from the unix request .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   get

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  create a new decorated tree to treesegment .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  create   redirects
truth:  convert   a

test:  update pull request to current user .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  replace   manager
truth:  takes   null

test:  return each of the id in the given test suite .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  constructs   handles
truth:  find   memory

test:  get the type of obj .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  prints   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  check/normalize the git extension .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test an arbitrary input with a new input .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  return the database info for a given database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  exists   exists

test:  returns the endpoint of a given endpoint .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   bytes
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a datetime object for the current thread .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  return   dates
truth:  calls   calls

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter all unit tests .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  to   null
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts that the specified element matches the specified path .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return true if the version of the named version is disabled .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  require   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the mapping of a category of dicts of the cluster .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  html document visit visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   document
truth:  document   document

test:  give a random state of estimator .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  store   one
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a list of credit requests for which credit db or none if no user is specified .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  make verbose .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  verbose   boolean
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a fake blockdevicevolume with a dataset_id derived from the given dataset .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute matchscorer and dedicated about the following: code .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  writes the current python object to the new-style .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  is   wrapper
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for routines that return a boolean status .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  underlying underlying underlying storage .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  call   call

test:  returns a valid filename that will be used for a clean file .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the votes is visible based on the selected user .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  build a insecureplatformwarning error .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  null   js
truth:  null   task

test:  return an iterable of image urls for all the image urls .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  returns   map
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the images that are for the given product .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a system time to the current systems format .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get ordered ordered loop from loops and boundary .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  execute a command returns the given arguments .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   conda
truth:  run   conda

test:  change password .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  render   permission
truth:  password   password

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  predicate   return
truth:  return   return

test:  adds any prior to the var(p) process of a var(p) process .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  simulate   null
truth:  produce   linear

test:  fork a master and then slave it with the given pid .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  create   run
truth:  null   null

test:  goes through line numbers and a signs .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  determine if the distribution is rhel to be a rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  this will check if the series of the object *obj* .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   method

test:  convert pil image to a string .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the timeout current timeout is named .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager for how to generate a secret model .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  returns a list of exploration explorations with the given exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the last data from the file syntax .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  replace interfaces .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  generated   data
truth:  is   null

test:  create the equity curve for the holdings curve .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity exception on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  factory function for combining sq .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  null   set
truth:  function   function

test:  get the member selected by the group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   a

test:  read an index file into a cifar graph .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  convert   parses
truth:  reads   null

test:  list dns databases .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  change   list
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  safely delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a double-precision floating point tag .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  prints out the generated files .
truth: main function . 
test:  runs   file
truth:  function   function

test:  strip leading and trailing empty lines between string between string between p and b .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   anything

test:  read string from the buffer and return it as byte string .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  setup a single grid axes .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  click   current
truth:  null   projection

test:  converts a youtube key and a dictionary of primary keys to a tree .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the precedence object for a given object .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  tests using a numerically stable reference implementation with standard places and fix .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  accepts   values
truth:  using   test

test:  generate a default deadline deadline for the given credit timedelta .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  required method which handles a users .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  retrieve   view
truth:  view   view

test:  search for a given field values .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the name from the full config name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  errors   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the profiles directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  undo logger by the master .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  null   send
truth:  send   send

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  add pillars output to negatives and end .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  get the list of object values to use .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  add the items between this block and the queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  add   null
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  print information about an individual resource_type .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  restore   mackinnons
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: critical marks the jenkins thru for the project .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  null   reject
truth:  null   null

test:  assert that a string is valid in the given file path .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verifies   returns
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request headers .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  returns the alternating entropy of the second kind of the second kind .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  url   a
truth:  taken   example

test:  return true if filename matches the given pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  test   test

test:  perform registration on the device .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  gets   new
truth:  gets   registration

test:  returns a randomly generated key for a specific type .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   register
truth:  returns   a

test:  ignore call to data .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  if the schedule method has been set .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  rebuild   set
truth:  to   try

test:  cache all objects under a given tree .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  list   a
truth:  cache   translation

test:  create a new course with all organization .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   chunks
truth:  create   a

test:  get absolute path to extended home directory .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   uses
truth:  return   user

test:  list public ip blocks for the specified module .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  downloads libxml2 .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like an iterator .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call recursive .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  file   google
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  retrieves the dictionary for the with a given name .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a tree hash with given fo .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all the thing names given in the given string .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a window that is used to process a child process .
truth: return a window . 
test:  return   window
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a numpy array with all the base32 divide and y .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  null   elements
truth:  performs   null

test:  decorator to set the rate of a function .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  resolve   decorator
truth:  set   set

test:  return a file hash hash .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  s   s
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the linear order for differential equation .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  null   jacobian
truth:  null   equations

test:  display text .
truth: print this help . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  this view is to create a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a unique storage object containing the given information .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  find   find

test:  evaluates the argument to a numeric constant .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  returns the region code that contribute to a specific number .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  provide a list of possible ways of the workbook .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  raises   one
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote plain text as returned by to_dict .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  return   quote
truth:  null   a

test:  generate a django report for a given month .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  make   application
truth:  return   a

test:  make the given directory .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  represent an address as a packed packed integer .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  return a full fixture that maps the supplied items to a parametrized fixture .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  get   docstring
truth:  list   list

test:  create an atom string for use in configuring atom .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a reference to a resource reference .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  returns   packdb
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validate multiple info for multiple lines .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  name   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given model .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  delete   one

test:  return a driver function that can be used to advance a sequence of polynomials .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the geonode process has either vlan_name or not .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  this function is used to parse a unicode string in the form of a series of the case .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing byte sequences of indexing indexing of series of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  byte   byte
truth:  byte   byte

test:  configure the logging configuration with a cluster .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   factory
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats a date as the time until that date .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  given a request cookie .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  get elementnodeobject object info .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  calculate translation messages counts .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes a route route by its name .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  if the user is completed and removes exercises .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get mongo application .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  select   download
truth:  return   a

test:  return a shuffled identifier for each user .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  create a network security group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns shuffled groups for given lag lag .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  calculate   stuff
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  patches   a

test:  return a list of the metadata of the sites .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the ppcc method of the distribution .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  takes   response
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns hsv list of organizations .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  boolean   return
truth:  null   api

test:  converts all newlines in a piece of plain text to html line breaks .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   urls

test:  this function makes a projection matrix to juggle a specified axes .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the configuration options for the selected user .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  testing   display
truth:  output   parameter

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm property by extracting .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  like   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path to the s3cache key for a given path .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  gets   information
truth:  to   helper

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  given a comma-separated name .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  return   find
truth:  input   input

test:  init configuration and set the default policy settings .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  datetimes   test
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  gets the inner objects of the managed service specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  provide a dict of all interfaces and their interfaces .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  list   null
truth:  provide   a

test:  a view decorator with the specified permission and alias .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get path from outline .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generates an expression of the sums power of a domain .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  pull delete version .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  update   sync
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph g in a bipartite graph g as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  set the fullscreen status .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  reload the page .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  null   process
truth:  routes   routes

test:  create a movie from a movie .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  use   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  calculate the expected value of the preview nloglike .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  divide   one

test:  override the default network .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  hash   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a new partition sequence .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  partitions   a
truth:  null   a

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   rm
truth:  remove   a

test:  parameterize parameterize scopes .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  function   a
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field field for a field .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  discover   returns
truth:  checked   create

test:  strips -> string return a string with the lowest encoding in the input string .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  string   join
truth:  lists   lists

test:  convert obj to encodable .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  makes   null

test:  produces a default help help help function for a given length .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  vertical scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  returns true if the vpc id matches the current vpc connection object .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  retrieve   dhcp
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg link - convert kegg identifiers to/from outside identifiers target_db - target database source_db_or_dbentries - target database database database entries option - can be "turtle" or "n-triple" .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  null   conv
truth:  link   link

test:  update the local backend fileserver fileserver backends cli example: .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  find a list of possible items in the list .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a site source file .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  if   a
truth:  require   null

test:  calls the function spec .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   a

test:  verify that a string is a valid path of a file .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  file   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  update the autoscaler of the autoscaler if policy is true .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   one
truth:  update   update

test:  setup the sphinx extension .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  sets   content
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test reading a table with all names .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  adds a worker manager to the context object .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  view   manager
truth:  null   worker

test:  returns a list of (of and output to use in the tools .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a list of gpg keys .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  return   list
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of available formats for the specified locale .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  return   check
truth:  list   list

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  a move space to the leading space .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  updates   generator
truth:  return   number

test:  return the hash value for a given arrays .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  logs out user and displays you are logged out .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  reads   data
truth:  read   data

test:  prints a list of all the available packages .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  have   build
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  convert a field to a floating point .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  construct   user
truth:  test   test

test:  given a class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  create   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a dictionary of images in the those varnish .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a worker to the output thread .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  null   processing
truth:  null   worker

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   a

test:  push a value to the remote server .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  stubs   return
truth:  to   push

test:  check if forum has staff access to this course .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  if   name
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  returns information about the pipe for a specific file .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific @xfail 3 .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  disables backup files in the backup .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  want   checks
truth:  tars   null

test:  strip non-sequence sequence .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  null   null
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests to ensure its easy to accept a accept exception .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  function to find the docstring .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  return true if the url is a safe redirection .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a port group on the vlan with the vlan tags .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the girvannewman algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  compute   node
truth:  find   a

test:  check the mac address to see if the mac is present .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  set   verifies
truth:  null   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all backups belonging to a topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get incoming queue id and iqr parameters x : bool .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   hosts
truth:  incoming   get

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  parses the ancient function as a dictionary .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  displaying users avatar .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  render   render

test:  run a command .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  null   app
truth:  function   function

test:  authorized reader to use the functions perceptual starting at the same time .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  to   attributes
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  this is called to change the users home directory .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  input   null
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a role points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   role

test:  fetches the status of a process instance .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  handle   return
truth:  null   null

test:  given a numpy array of indices .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  null   correction
truth:  null   factor

test:  add an element to the vertexes .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  make a single event containing a placed .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  show   update
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check root mean .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  test   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set logging for all loggers loggers .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  use   a
truth:  set   a

test:  sets a file descriptor .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  get xml element from the beginning of this boolean .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get an instance profile .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns a list of length of a national number .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   length

test:  delete config .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  delete   one
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the demo sensors .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  simple task to build a json object .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  update   a
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves bernoulli order order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   1st
truth:  solves   null

test:  parse a rule to a compound layout .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  get   a
truth:  put   put

test:  reorders the nodes in a target .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  null   batch
truth:  insert   insert

test:  validates the tunnel for use in the config file .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  validate   use
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove ips of the given ip address .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  remove   network
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return user_ids public activity stream of public activities .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this should be called to require the .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  raises   post
truth:  git   git

test:  wait to see if the given command is set to become this flag .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   self

test:  return virt type of given grains .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  is   variables
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if id is an incompatible id string .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  does iso 8601 .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  turn   a

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a tagged .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  given   configs
truth:  attaches   a

test:  add a recent recent apply to the datastore .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   key
truth:  add   add

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  list   queue
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a signature signature .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  obj   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get the path of the directory of the pathname .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get the geometry tools directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a padded sequence of combinations of k .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a scalar .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   generic
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns whether the given object has chosen permissions for a given permission .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient methods to check if the function has been modified from the cached .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  tries to find the common elements in a and return the most recent expression .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  given   null
truth:  find   a

test:  input a rational fraction .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  url   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume an existing topics .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : idlist ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  testing the output snippets snippets .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  null   snmp
truth:  testing   testing

test:  a simple healthz view that returns the current request .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  add   view
truth:  null   health

test:  generate simple bunch of sequences of a set of sequences .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated function is called .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a file object for a given file .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  file   file

test:  return a string representation of data .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   gradient
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return all tests in the directory .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  detect unsafe configuration variable in pascalcase format .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  make   tables
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a list of all the queryset for a user .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  restrict   null

test:  set an attribute on a given attribute .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  sets   decorator
truth:  null   factory

test:  given a template name and a template .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  select   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this view will get cart redemption cart for the user to perform cart .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   method

test:  send yaml .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  email   send
truth:  send   a

test:  create x bound to keep only on *x* .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a conditional .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  null   put
truth:  null   key

test:  parse the snmp expression .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  parse   example
truth:  check   check

test:  test two battery to __wrapped__ __wrapped__ .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  test   intervals
truth:  producing   checks

test:  decode the given expression to the given dtype and return the data .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to create a task class out of queued .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  to   run
truth:  null   decorator

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   install
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  generates the clipping polynomial of x by svgreader .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   quotas
truth:  check   quotas

test:  formats all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  create a database .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  provide bound to the web page frames .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  missing   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a map with prefix .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  determines   a
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the front of the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   print
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim a worker entry for an cleanup .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  return   set
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  prints an episode .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  prints   text
truth:  print   a

test:  python interpreter .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  grant   a
truth:  build   a

test:  updates the opkg database to latest packages .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  initiate   ports
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios have hashes comments as inline comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  null   scenarios
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split the path components in a folder path .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  split   a

test:  takes a timestamp and returns a datetime instance .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  calls a function to create and store the http logs .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  creates   server
truth:  make   strings

test:  defines the whole cancellation execution .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  format   calculate
truth:  request   request

test:  build an exception stanza from a uri stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  run a process .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   unit
truth:  run   run

test:  set up an users user .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  tests revision for get revision .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   revision

test:  return the contents of the specified file .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  returns   object
truth:  determine   null

test:  main function for the sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  function   login
truth:  null   null

test:  restore the current optimized dictionary and restore it .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  restore   copy
truth:  null   a

test:  should work with few .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  null   test
truth:  run   unittest

test:  returns a properties object for the given expression .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   clone
truth:  clone   clone

test:  generate the theme .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  file_input : file_input newline | file_input .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for whitelisting senders .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  location : gantt .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  return   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  copy data to a collection of performance indices .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   structure

test:  like :func:pbkdf2_bin .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  like   like

test:  duplicate function to be used as a list of lists .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  default   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  run dataset as a dataset .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  function   parsing
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   accept
truth:  reject   reject

test:  parses iso 8601 date into a datetime object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure getfacl & setfacl exist .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  load   load

test:  generate a candidate link to the given username using the given user .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  retrieves   implementation
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  squeeze an axes or tuple of axes .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  password   host
truth:  return   shape

test:  remove any import items from the document .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute the linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start a service .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  start   i
truth:  detect   null

test:  compute kkt optimality .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  used for corner interfaces .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  start   return
truth:  null   null

test:  run a smtp interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  null   type
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  fit fit sequence .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   nodes
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute the space2depth range of the i-th hypothesis .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  validates markdown of markdown and new-style value .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  text   text

test:  an addrequest function .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  check if the interval is monotonic .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  determines   check
truth:  if   returns

test:  split a list into two parts .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  calculate   results
truth:  block   block

test:  check all tokens is a xnull: .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  writes   a

test:  check that distances are shown against the correct heliocentric against 0 and that altaz against systems to consider against final input .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  test   argument
truth:  check   check

test:  calculate the rectified covariance of an axis along a given axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  value   null
truth:  return   x

test:  print the following .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  create   alias
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  updates the supplied course urls with a supplied content urls for a given course .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  find   find
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  check a 6to4 .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  features   test
truth:  test   precision

test:  get a column by name .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  get   function
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve one or all roles used .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   username
truth:  get   roles

test:  get flipped path .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a dictionary into a root .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check if the data passed to a installed version .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  traverse   structure
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a fks .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  displays   a

test:  handle the date from a given page .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a slightly comments to read the next eigenvalues .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  cached   null

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert a user protobuf to a numpy uid object .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  given   users
truth:  convert   user

test:  wraps words in the case of a url .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  add   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  we would like the website .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  url   view
truth:  takes   null

test:  load python data from python 3 .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   data

test:  this method iterates through a number of data in a given language .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  yield   data
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  returns the version of the manifest to the specified stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  return   path
truth:  stack   stack

test:  guess the arguments for the given method .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  to   version
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restore required database shouldnt set on the drives database .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restore   image
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creates a directory .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  makes   create
truth:  make   worker

test:  validate the arguments for a given arguments .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  null   information
truth:  substitute   a

test:  format the current block .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  return   set
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  parses the course id and returns a corresponding string .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  function   function

test:  runs the script usage .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  return   flowgrams
truth:  test   test

test:  imports a library library library name .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  import   attempt
truth:  load   a

test:  test for issue 257 .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  import a python source code to a file .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   build
truth:  code   code

test:  loads an image library from a file and return its contents .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  retrieve disk partitions by name .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  run   disk
truth:  array   array

test:  like human but returns none on where a 180 is used .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  function   null
truth:  fix   size

test:  return the generator of fasta data in a chunk of data .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   level

test:  convert value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the real filename for the given module .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  creates a new adcustomizerfeed for a given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  tprob activation function .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  given   probability
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  flatten a series of global variable .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  return   a
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return the path component of the path .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  restart the windows process and the traffic_server process on the server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  returns a 16-bit integer based on the call to a numpy image .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  null   convenience
truth:  null   null

test:  remove packages using opkg remove .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  include a file in the selected context path .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  register   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  test if a url is repo to repo .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  item add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  builds the set of tokens as passed in the command .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  return   null
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  render a string representation of the type passed to shell .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  request directly information to the container server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  object   structure
truth:  request   container

test:  trim any given lens to the appropriate dictionary .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  generate supplied accepted accepted by supplied arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  adds an object group to the container group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   summary
truth:  add   atomic

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  enables   learning

test:  check for determinism .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  test   null
truth:  output   output

test:  features should not cause scenarios .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  features   features
truth:  applied   tags

test:  send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  null   send
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a rule down a rule on the top of the top nodes in a tree running it .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  generate a mock command .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  dump   helper
truth:  command   command

test:  generate a random distribution items .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  function   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a connection to a given port .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   try

test:  power non-maskable to vm .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  open   content
truth:  set   set

test:  update an existing trace to default trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   add
truth:  update   update

test:  display a comment callback to a thread .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   runs
truth:  get   a

test:  construct the path to the webpack webpack .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  parses   method
truth:  null   method

test:  display the usage of the user .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  print   a

test:  returns a random integer uniquely .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run a command .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  command   command

test:  convert a configuration file to valid .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  takes   null

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  parses a mime_type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  display a returner .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  to   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  makes sure that no conversion is found .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  discard   null

test:  create an extension in the given package .
truth: remove " . 
test:  split   use
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check to see if a stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  build print format for print format .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  get   default
truth:  print   print

test:  return information about the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify certificate signature .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   order
truth:  verify   null

test:  run interactive tests if it doesnt exist .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  load   null
truth:  open   open

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a compiled string from the given string .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the currently active connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a version string to a version header string .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  make   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  get a string to be used in de-cryptable format .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  return   print
truth:  return   return

test:  split a minimum into individual parts .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  python function to translate a dictionary of urls into a dict .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  based   null
truth:  given   a

test:  helper to specify a file descriptor to a file descriptor .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  modified   sync

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  index   null
truth:  moving   null

test:  adds a add product to basket and basket .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  to   install
truth:  adding   handle

test:  raise configurationerror if not found .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  if   check

test:  convert a mailcap file to a dictionary .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  decode a file as a matrix .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  creates   decode

test:  converts unicode strings to mbcs .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  unicode   use
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return the radius of g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  update the new ccxcon ccxcon for the course models .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  update   update
truth:  pass   pass

test:  return the connection .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  checking   a
truth:  return   connection

test:  retrieve thread details for last iteration of the system .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  a class decorator for c_cleanup module .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  to   a
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are inside the roidb targets in the roidb targets .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   regression

test:  create composite value for a set of images .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  compares   create
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multidimensional percentile of the given percentile .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a new port for a given port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  port   tags
truth:  creates   null

test:  manage request data to given request .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  to   set
truth:  requests   requests

test:  return the quantum meas id for the given sqlalchemy id .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf protection protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  remove invalid characters .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wraps a descriptor .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  set   text
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a mapi .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  removes the given xml file from the xml file .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  complete   remove
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generate an in-memory secret key and a secret key .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a boolean indicating whether queues is empty .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a progress job into a tuple .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  given   null
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers declaration_specifiers semi .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   declaration_specifiers
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  close a port for serial uploads .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   django
truth:  null   null

test:  not all of pyobjc and python understand unicode paths very well yet .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  decodes   python
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get invalid status information cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   update
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instance mapping for the provided instance_uuids .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  get   instance
truth:  get   get

test:  create a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a string with a time according to the current timestamp .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  format   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  logs a sigterm handler for the current working sigterm .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  report   null
truth:  null   a

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  thread   thread
truth:  thread   thread

test:  force-reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   service

test:  check that this is installed and can be installed .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  return   set
truth:  provides   null

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  set a random states of states for random states .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  set   elements
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  factory method to create a decorator .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  null   read
truth:  read   read

test:  remove elements of a list through all possible tuples this are children of lists of c{parent} and deps through all but they have children .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the network device .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap a resource .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  render   render

test:  check if a repository has a repository .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  write   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : expr lt expr | expr le expr | expr gt expr | expr divide expr | expr equals expr .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   toktype
truth:  null   null

test:  invert all image bits as n .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  return a context manager that temporarily sets the python xml to a given xml element .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory that instantiates a processor with a given addon .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  call   call

test:  calls loading .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   return
truth:  load   load

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  create and create github extension to github process .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  return a list of all power types which do not need to access the given power .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  launches a new cli example: .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  send   request
truth:  null   cli

test:  convert the sympy and return a scalar .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  checks if any files are present .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  show   output
truth:  check   check

test:  test mne events .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns a list of all interfaces interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  take   a
truth:  gives   a

test:  return the api client that is used to provide the data for api methods .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  do   send
truth:  execute   a

test:  will return a list of course settings for the given user .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  returns   course
truth:  generate   a

test:  calendar chunks or tuple of units from units .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  returns   role
truth:  time   time

test:  returns a color that returns the lowcolor[ .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  given   null
truth:  splits   a

test:  returns none if and g2 are 0 .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   translation
truth:  return   return

test:  cleans amazon route 53 53 :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   async
truth:  to   connect

test:  compute y and right or right by shape or right by shape .
truth: compute dot . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   dot

test:  redirect to the links .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  redirect   null
truth:  to   redirect

test:  return energy information about the default library info page .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   change
truth:  return   info

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  setuptools   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  check that declared declared and is not a transform .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  populate   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   back
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  use as a decorator to generate no timeout to async .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  wrap   test
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  shortcut for diffs .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a template into a string of the form parser .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert an integer to a datetime as a timestamp .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  list sinks and the sinks entries in this vmware environment .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if path is a python module/package .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   check
truth:  is   null

test:  test overlapping word from all of the api making sure that rights 0 and cast .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  make   merge
truth:  test   test

test:  clears the search index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns either a helper method to access to the given request or a given request object .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  return the sort key given a key .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sort   key

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  line up the line .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  creates   up
truth:  return   return

test:  return a random string of alphanumeric characters .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  tests the default attributes for attributes .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  gets   test
truth:  pass   pass

test:  unittest an instance of a checker .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  retry   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  downsample by recomputing function to dest .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  to   convenience
truth:  null   null

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  determines if object is a collection of basestring .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   tests

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  init   null
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  setup the sony gpmdp .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator to indicate that the arguments are a method and is a setreturn .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  null   provider

test:  create a wxpython that will be called from the service .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  contract   a

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   a

test:  scan for documented into documented .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  find   find

test:  aux function .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  receives   copy
truth:  equalize   null

test:  for each container .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the precedence for the current python interface .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the absolute path to a repository .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a array structure to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  make   load
truth:  load   load

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  mark csrf off and stores them in csrf request .
truth: given a request . 
test:  use   view
truth:  given   a

test:  update the websites .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   checks
truth:  update   update

test:  return list of items in baselist to baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  matching   matching

test:  validates course mode and checks if active mode is storage .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  return string with zero or empty lines .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   n

test:  set up the simplisafe platform .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator that skips the given function using the blas module .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  similar to escape() .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  write   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  delete the named service .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  log   log

test:  returns the number of seconds to be := .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of an odd extension .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the base properties of the image properties on the device .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   optional

test:  using the :term:view callable to utility function .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   null
truth:  using   null

test:  returns true if sequence has a sequence of nodes .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks whether there is an upgrade .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  if   checks

test:  makes sure the psql systems are actually .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  load   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  helper method for _qsympify_sequence xenapi plugin responses .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  represent   a
truth:  expects   a

test:  remove all apps .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  to   proxy
truth:  null   a

test:  set evacuate facts if not already present in facts dict dict: the facts dict updated with the facts if they were not already present or facts returns: dict: the facts
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  sets   use
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for all of the drivers .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidates   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  transfer the closest remaining remaining remaining fill and add the closest remaining remaining to the last surrounding to the closest remaining surrounding .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   transfer
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  return a tuple of classes that supports the incoming class .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   version

test:  extract all issues logs for a set of issues .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  given   null
truth:  extract   references

test:  fetches an exploration to a given exploration number of states .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  pivot   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests translator comments are stored on behalf of labeled .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   file
truth:  tests   plural

test:  return include_names include_names or indicate that within-ordering are day in the given line .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  if   try
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  run   custom

test:  send and receive packets at layer 3 nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  null   send
truth:  send   send

test:  dummy function for doctesting empty lines .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  used   config
truth:  is   null

test:  evaluate the inception dataset by algo .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  creates   signals
truth:  model   model

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of the graph g .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  returns compressed compressed string for timestamp: .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  print   string
truth:  translate   translate

test:  ensure a profile is valid .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   state

test:  get all osf statistics .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   update
truth:  get   get

test:  run command .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  copy   docstring
truth:  run   run

test:  generates a diff of dictionaries .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the node is a decorator for a statement .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  if   view
truth:  return   return

test:  download an s3 object to a file .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  download   validates
truth:  download   download

test:  sanitize filename and return its mechanism .
truth: utility function . 
test:  is   filename
truth:  function   function

test:  parses a 10-tuple string and convert it into a utc date .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  takes a timedelta and returns the total number of seconds .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  normalize a string using expression .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  take a list of ufunc and return a common type and dtype .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  arrays   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the file server modules .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   modules

test:  iterate a function using the transplant method .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   a

test:  decorate a klein-style request to become a specific request and a method with the current session .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete an imagemember entry .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  access to the access token .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  export   null
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  return the current time in the system .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  converts   restart
truth:  time   time

test:  override this function is called to access unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  override   autosummary
truth:  construct   null

test:  computes the distances; mean squared error .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  validates indexing indexing and make sense to the secret .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   binary

test:  retrieve the named template from the given template .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf failure .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check the value of the config key .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  verifies   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a path with points around the points .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new cmac object pkcs115_sigscheme that can create or verify pkcs#1 v1 .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   switch
truth:  linking   linking

test:  adds the rendered items to the file object .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  returns   api
truth:  read   read

test:  read the next input data from the file .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   a

test:  given a row of equations .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  construct   page
truth:  given   a

test:  normalize a string to unicode conversion .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  replace   normalizes
truth:  string   string

test:  detects detects in the file as a given file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   custom
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns the leading user value of a that is host_state .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  asks   null

test:  generates public and private keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generate   rsa
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns a task .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  stream random bytes .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  generate   generator
truth:  null   n

test:  call the service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  returns   calling
truth:  call   call

test:  display the skeiniso dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return true if the given object has a choice .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  if   interface
truth:  null   action

test:  generate a branch for a trees .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  count   returns
truth:  count   count

test:  is test for image .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  basestring   null
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  test that invalid usage works even if we need to cause some exception raised .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  determine if the levels given an index or type .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  index   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  make sure the given code is allowed to view the qutebrowser code .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  to   user
truth:  null   method

test:  strips all sentence from a sentence string .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are made intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  checks if the current transaction requires a commit for changes .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   certificates
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the master is supported by the system .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  tests   values
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return a authorized users stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the image members from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   image
truth:  changes   changes

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  rebuild   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  returns default contact if the user has passed .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   user
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  returns the amount of sequences formatted by formatting .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  count   percent
truth:  format   format

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to floats .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the appropriate cluster for a job .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  get   return
truth:  check   check

test:  use this class to convert a shell-like type to a optionparser .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  null   type
truth:  string   string

test:  check for minimum version of the specific version .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  updates   server
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  used to reset the model when a particular model was created .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython output using ipython output .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the version number for the current process .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   a

test:  validate a requirements file .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  build   parameters
truth:  validate   validate

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get md5sum of an md5 hash of the file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  md5sum   call
truth:  generate   generate

test:  convert a column name to a property .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  calculate   pull
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  move a file or a filename into the directory .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  moves   a
truth:  move   move

test:  copy a file .
truth: move a file . 
test:  null   source
truth:  move   a

test:  do some necessary and/or remote syntax .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  text   link
truth:  null   helper

test:  get an objects by name .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   x
truth:  get   get

test:  if p is an mvt .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return raw data as a dict .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  load   load

test:  checks if the header was used as :class:~werkzeug .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  warnings   checks
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: file a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  grab   text
truth:  file   file

test:  launch lots of the summary of this instance type .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  print   build
truth:  plots   plots

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  dump   null

test:  find a user by name and name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  see :meth: .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   add

test:  display the tower dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  parse a hexsum or file-like object into a triple .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register a class with the proper backslash class .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   a

test:  get the random integer choices on unix by running the ldap ldap checksum .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  load any file in the current python directories .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  generates   load
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns more lines loaded on module .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  list   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all objects of an pyqt public objects .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  get   structure
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a random integer generator .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   seed
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if the given compatibility urls share an user .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  check   in
truth:  runs   runs

test:  check the configuration .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  printed a command in a simple shell that changes the given command .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  run   wrapper
truth:  context   context

test:  return a *safe* bound to the target target target target -- the object to be weakly referenced .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  return   return
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  convert vmdk size and properties for the given image and properties .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   size

test:  replace spaces in final version .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  are   returns
truth:  undoes   null

test:  lower triangle matrix .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  build a file client and add it to the given client .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  scan an archive and returns the archive .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return a random column .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  pick   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  get all api deployment deployment for a given api cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  list   api
truth:  get   api

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the units of a normalized argument and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  extracts and returns the users maxfd .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   check
truth:  close   close

test:  start the window secrets length .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  perform   detach
truth:  display   display

test:  opens a file in the format .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  count   start
truth:  download   download

test:  extract data from a given directory .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  determines the user name of the author given its author .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  to   username
truth:  convert   convert

test:  clears the post mortem .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  transform   enable
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if a file looks like a block artifact .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  like most recent square square .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  show   string
truth:  return   a

test:  list the files .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  list   remove
truth:  list   ros

test:  class decorator for creating a dummy test suite .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  test   test

test:  wrapper for interpolate_tuple that accepts identity arguments .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   identity

test:  run a test command .
truth: run setup . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a json representation of the instance instance .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   django

test:  ensure setuptools in the use url is installed .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  serve   download
truth:  null   null

test:  casts a point to a set of points .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  get an integration for a given api in a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the organization .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a sequence of the elements in a sequence .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns sig .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the arithmetic values of a value .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  calculate   median

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  resume   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns a testsuite loaded suite .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  calls f .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  flags   use
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  wrap a string with base64 .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  to   i
truth:  sort   sort

test:  traverse the given metric .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  null   process
truth:  traverse   null

test:  compute the average clustering of a directed graph .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  make the post-tag sequence .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  null   sequence
truth:  introduce   element

test:  submit an challenge challenge to the given challenge field .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  detach   control
truth:  submits   a

test:  removes a github member from a team .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  disassociate all fixed ip associated with a host and return it associated with the expected timeout .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  get   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  test option of inverse option .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  test   test
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new enrollment node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  create   create

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   point
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file with filename: and return its contents .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  returns   open
truth:  open   a

test:  deserialize a stream or stream like yaml or author_view .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  deserialize   openssl
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add the path and obtain any file from the path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  make   path

test:  program : program | program .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  null   cylinder
truth:  null   program

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the cumulative line number of the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the config variables for values in the specified settings .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  sets   print
truth:  displays   differences

test:  create an expression of expressions of f in k[x] .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  function   create
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  stream of aws retention period of the retention hours .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  array   info
truth:  stream   stream

test:  split mulled with translated components .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  split   null
truth:  add   add

test:  parses the partition name and returns the commands .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  parse   point
truth:  parse   a

test:  queries against all queries in the given criteria .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  build   grpc
truth:  queries   queries

test:  tests that we can load a train and train it for a train and train it for a few .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  url   certificate
truth:  loads   a

test:  filter otus file from each line was removed between otu and reduce .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  returns   groups
truth:  filter   otus

test:  context manager that creates a test with a default app .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper to upload a file .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  function   function

test:  same as wordpress .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  null   filters
truth:  return   return

test:  infer a node tree by metaclass .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  traverses   null
truth:  to   try

test:  max max 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return the export-friendly export-friendly .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  yield all files under path .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  if   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  invert a list of terms with a set of terms .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  find a query .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  query   a
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of a directory .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  execute an expression in the underlying trades from the given expression .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  see   null
truth:  null   values

test:  take in the output_dir .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  if   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  test functionality by name .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns the contents of the given thread .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  get   a
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  remove   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  followers followers parsing .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  a little helper to get issues url for a given template .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  github   github

test:  a decorator which locks the old api call to recursive function .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  callfuncs a previously set .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  called   a
truth:  is   t

test:  converts a file:// url to a protocol .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively union the next prior using the required keys .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   method

test:  check if files in construction has been modified .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  remove reloading params from a set of measurement or logical .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  repeated   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  dump details of the current control instance .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  return   things
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number of max bits .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  writes & build a file-like object to another stream .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  append   column
truth:  write   null

test:  check if the proxy is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view function as exempt from csrf csrf protection protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  export a method to a png file .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   method
truth:  export   method

test:  adds flex methods to the given arithmetic methods .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert to numpy .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for events .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   mapreduce
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  build a range header .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  fill   null
truth:  if   null

test:  utility function to extract a sysv hash and number of seconds .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  key/value pairs from pypi .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  send daily to people/teams .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  send   reports
truth:  reports   reports

test:  runs the generic version of the command line interface .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  create   create
truth:  build   build

test:  test to ensure the most api_key type type has the expected auth token to allow x-api-key .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   json

test:  format a host string for an url .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  pass   null
truth:  host   host

test:  runs a shell command .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  execute   null

test:  create volumes with fake directories .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   create

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk are unique .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   try

test:  turn a list of allocations into a single resource provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  create an image using plot_size and return the results .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  update   update

test:  extract a translations from a file .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  deletes/withdraws *route_dist* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the route table .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  prefix   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes keys in database .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   object
truth:  null   version

test:  open a file using ipython file and return a text file .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   a

test:  args: contact : ip type to process objects .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  blocks   reports
truth:  make   null

test:  check if point is valid .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  is   a

test:  adjust dimension adjust dimension .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  context   shape
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  generate a neighbor points .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  check   point
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all lengths with specified argument and returns a list of lists .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  like   null
truth:  measure   measure

test:  download command .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  download   download
truth:  build   a

test:  perform an minfo record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  a decorator for wrapping a hook .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  null   guess
truth:  wrap   a

test:  execute held message(s) in the mail queue .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove nanrows handlers from the input array .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the full path to config file for config .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  launch the entry in the git repo for the repository .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  launch   launch

test:  create a fake cluster orm .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  fake   run
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for all losses .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   summaries
truth:  add   summaries

test:  gets the path of a package and all of its subdirectories .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  return   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects a boolean field from the list of parents and the boolean structure .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   stats
truth:  collects   a

test:  test that a pkg with extra wheel fails .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warn   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  provides the path to the resource required for the given resource .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  url   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the model model class that use djangos few few few .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  build master api server to a wsgi facts args: server : host returns: dict: the api to build .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone naive .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  deprecated: handle to pull course enrollment .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  set   a
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if an object is an instance of enum type .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  drop all models in all apps .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  do typical attributes of a command line .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  attributes   view
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns true if g has a edge cover .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  decides   null

test:  add the plugin translations for the command to the plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  add   copies
truth:  adds   a

test:  error checking for routines that return explicitly forces a string .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  elementwise summation with broadcasting .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  attaches   return
truth:  indices   indices

test:  load a module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  load   format
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute and return a hash for the 128-bit 128-bit .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  given   null

test:  create a new color dict and return a list of color names to gradient in the relevant sequence .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   dict

test:  commits a repository .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  files   commit
truth:  show   a

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  check if the package is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  is   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  execute the brew command .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  reboot   check
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return the rank entities from a given list .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  sum an indefinite integral of an indefinite sequence .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  sum   null
truth:  null   null

test:  execute rac commands .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  null   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  polynomial pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  storing the file or directory .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  make   null

test:  attempt to monitor .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  function   entry
truth:  null   infinite

test:  get directory path to freesurfer_home artifacts .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  to   path
truth:  return   location

test:  return a iterated constructed from a module .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a cidx file with the given arguments and raise a cidx file .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  make   a

test:  test that a matplotlib file fails with a matplotlib text file fails .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  test   test
truth:  error   error

test:  extracts the sample from a replacement of numbers .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  sample   factory
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a sitemap object for use in tests .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   dev

test:  returns a dictionary containing a platform-specific changes from an pylint list .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns integer in milliseconds since epoch .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   function
truth:  return   current

test:  return a list of help files for handshake this will be similar to any series of the data for any change .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  convert a mobius array to a given numpy array .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  decorator to define a function in a module is called .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mark   fn

test:  ensure fromlist are unable and is a file-like object .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently delete a health check .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if the pip module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  make   load
truth:  load   load

test:  requests a list of the most recent attribute values .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   privacy

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys and values are kern pair .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create theano model .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  return   place
truth:  creates   a

test:  performs a plugin operation on the given tag .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  return   url
truth:  posts   posts

test:  set the index of an image to the given config_string .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to support world .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   lines
truth:  extract   part

test:  returns an stations connection for given app_label .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  return best prefix of the maximum mid uses p .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   power
truth:  return   power

test:  returns the grade histogram of the grade histogram .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  print   print

test:  return true if mode is from a character string .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of active vms names .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   string
truth:  return   a

test:  code that redirect to avoid test code while likely containing code .
truth: override sys . 
test:  do   redirects
truth:  override   sys

test:  try to locate the versions of a user from the repo directory .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   root

test:  return a frequency frequency datetime index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  find   a

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   in

test:  a postponed to determine if a rational contains the nearest value .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a new permission_codename dictionary from a viewpoint action .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  creates   build
truth:  to   null

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   a
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  strips the matched xml reference from a string .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  process   filter
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of dir .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the process instance for the given process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key for the header in the cache .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this function is used by descent all feature codes of resource_find() as well as well .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return the architecture architecture .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  return   extension
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  clear the cache cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads and returns the contents of a file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  file   a
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if the current request has the same super as the current request .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  a simple worker .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  show a infinity connection .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  usage   usage

test:  find the app file to use .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  test either if an error is raised if the bundle of the data structure is given .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  null   name
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  ensure that the specified column exists in the table specified in the table .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  if   null
truth:  alter   a

test:  prepares the tile to be the same name as the identifier for the current thread .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  to   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  provide sessions for all sessions sessions .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  null   null
truth:  command   command

test:  return plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   plugin
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies of wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   download
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a client for discovery and log it to write a client .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  construct   discovery
truth:  generate   a

test:  check and return file handle and a fasta file .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the vector3 elements of a vector3 by a matrix .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   translate
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a version of the windows version used to display tasks .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  generate a new cookie secret .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  most everything has the ability to support at(1) .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  work   runs
truth:  confirm   null

test:  get the filename of the filename without the extension file extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on posix-like systems with gentoolkit installed .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  check if the generated files work .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  insert the document .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  hardcoded   file
truth:  test   test

test:  get one or more keys from the datastore .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  return the path to a socket .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a dict from a field of fields .
truth: given a field . 
test:  null   functions
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a new cloud image .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  rgb to short .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  convert   rgb
truth:  to   null

test:  return a configured instance of the python interpreter .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  publicizes data .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  as a new system role .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  takes a single paragraph value and returns a string as a plain text .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a number to a string representation .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  used   display
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list with the names of the file names .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   data

test:  pick authentication plugin and return 1 .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  pick   installer

test:  parses an entry from a dict and return it as a dict .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   a

test:  return the notify service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  read a file with latin-1 info .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  null   read
truth:  make   null

test:  get a locale for a specific locale .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a numpy float to a float of ordinal .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  internal binary .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  landing   generate
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   data

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  download an egg temp .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips by project id .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parses the html page as a string .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  function   function

test:  called for a function to bypass .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that notation of two notation with regular expression matches the same string as pickling .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  test   filter
truth:  tests   tests

test:  decodes string argument to long .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  extracts the messages from the sparseblock results for the given validation .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  function   null
truth:  limit   limit

test:  parse a message header .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  add a user .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  renders a dict and converts it into the set of size dependencies .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   number

test:  saves one element to another file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  source   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  convert 2d collection to a line3dcollection segments .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a basename pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  does a class & centralized module .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  attribute   add
truth:  add   a

test:  returns the version of package version .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   import
truth:  returns   a

test:  flatten a list of units .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  list   null
truth:  given   a

test:  plot the *seq* .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check if the input is a horizontal .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  is   check
truth:  to   check

test:  attach a content-disposition file to the given address and send it .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sends   null

test:  compute the goodness of relative to a given map .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  test   string
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a positive integer for positive .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  to   format
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy tidy with minimal settings .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  return the path lengths between source and all other reachable nodes .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  prints a table of see related to a stack of .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  returns the microsites id for the given code .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  create an http service .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return an iterable of data .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  return   a

test:  example: when i run "behave .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  null   handles
truth:  null   method

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  remove   db
truth:  removes   a

test:  renders a template with authentication components .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  ssh   null
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan through all postfix log messages and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  sync   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  create a route table .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  given   vpc
truth:  creates   a

test:  return eol characters .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  accepts   source
truth:  text   text

test:  register models and create metadata .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   models
truth:  register   models

test:  try to extract all packages from a given package name .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validates file system to be cast as string .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  md5sum md5sum for md5sum .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  md5sum   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert text to integer .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  rewrite   text
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets the media prefix for the given object and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  populates   a

test:  cast to numpy .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  allow   factory
truth:  cast   cast

test:  parses a date according to the given date string .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  parse   val
truth:  to   attempts

test:  convert a byte integer into network integer .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  ensure   strip
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a problem for a particular problem .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  remove true/false .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set a password in the user .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the named container is failed .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  fix   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  disable   testing
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   create
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a controller value .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  get   a
truth:  build   a

test:  returns a list of the drop index sql statements for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a request features that can be a nested features .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  view   null
truth:  request   request

test:  clears epochs .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  handle   epochs
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove list from the dictionary and the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  check record that are actual line numbers and end .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  scan   parses
truth:  return   line

test:  convenience function to format the indentation .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a numeric degrees format to a _ .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  validates that the user can view and raises a warning if it fails .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   values

test:  water restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   source
truth:  null   sources

test:  retrieve json object from the current gzip store .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like yank_nth_arg command .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  to   process
truth:  command   command

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  used   parameters

test:  return true if text is a python module/package .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  delete this asset .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  delete   comment
truth:  del   a

test:  retrieve all containers and associated groups .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load social user from page and sets it to page .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  publish   -
truth:  publish   a

test:  add the index value and latex_docclass .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the last camera .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a coordinate string into an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  strips a param style line .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  return   line
truth:  fixed   return

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  add   a

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  to   string
truth:  string   string

test:  find all the errors with the given values and filters .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  look   helper
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   individual
truth:  insert   insert

test:  adds a zip file to the zip directory .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  create a new dict mapping file names to their decoding map from the map table .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  make   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  generates a scalar matrixsvg of a a palette .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge identical dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of names of all modules from the available init .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup containers and the number of containers matching containers .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  return   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  bayesian information criterion for the 2-element helper .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get an attribute of an attribute by name .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create html file stored in the iplot graph stored .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  display   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  return exercise version of exercise ids .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  copy the annotations from src to dest .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  convert two consecutive image to square .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  crops   null
truth:  given   a

test:  updates timeline .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  updates   database
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a class registered for the given alias .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media asynchronously .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  read a distances file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   docstring
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list with all the given user_ids ids .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the system plugins for the given group .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   tags
truth:  append   tags

test:  solves the general equations .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a finder project and returns a list of finder filter name .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  returns true if the given object is a integer or string-like .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  benchmark part of a multivariate matrix .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  null   seed
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start the named service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   service
truth:  null   cli

test:  retrieve all quotas for a given project and resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator which translates a memoized memoized memoized functions in a cache .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send a request to the auth info endpoint .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  format the master plane plane for further processing .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  format   asserts
truth:  make   a

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces detail into detail format .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  compute the polar of the polar matrix .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a deferred that will check for an upnp device to see if the network is running on the device .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  yield all descendant in the tree starting at *node* in python 2 .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  install a package in a given distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   flocker
truth:  install   flocker

test:  given a polynomial name .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  detect   product
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are inside a compact compact targets in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of length argument: number of length to return the argument .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove any any emails that need to be sent in the queue .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  remove   email
truth:  clear   null

test:  looks up an handlers: in the specified container name .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return true if the first 8 bytes of the first word is html .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  -   structure
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns a json object with all necessary formatting .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list private repos for all repository as a dict .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  if the user is masquerading as specific student for the course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a helper for creating an http response .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  determine which copy of the request .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  copy   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator to make a test call .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wrapper for configurable .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  perform   page
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  returns a single container name .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager to run a command .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  run   manager
truth:  runs   a

test:  compute the 2-dimensional and map of series along given axis .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  return a dict of information about the postgres server .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  try to convert a addon specification into a string using the addon .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   pkg

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function to check if a file is in a given python source .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  is   null
truth:  create   a

test:  make an exception instance configured using uncaught uncaught .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  temperature a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  set a keys and values to a dictionary .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  enables   a
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  build function to build the page for the given target or none .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  build   page

test:  run a scheduled task .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  null   a
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   join

test:  adds nova class to a given name .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  add   add
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the checksum of the current thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  run a shell job and store its results .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  return   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the nma notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a bool of whether or not we are equal .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  setup the enocean light .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a number of arguments in a command line environment .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   vector3
truth:  parse   parse

test:  like check_output but captures the command with dummy vars .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  output   process
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroys   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  generates one or more valid intersection of the data .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  detach the currently logged-in db .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the currently active locale .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   current

test:  create and initialize an cachedir .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  null   up
truth:  to   fixture

test:  returns a format string for printing the given type .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to allow testing of a ccx to use the given ccx .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  to   function
truth:  create   a

test:  tests that indenting a random summary with different positive values .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  when a new post urls is created .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  if   check

test:  regular expression pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  is   load
truth:  to   try

test:  rename all abe .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  rename   log
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   newline
truth:  null   newline

test:  determine if the query is set to a rule .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   return

test:  context manager that changes the context for the given language in the context .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  provides   manager
truth:  activate   null

test:  show if operation should proceed; error .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  display   null
truth:  show   show

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  get the current mongodb output .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  samples   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a namedtuple or version of an reverse-o2o which is used to mark a namedtuple of the right collections .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  build   build

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  adjust   decodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  parse a buffer engine from a specific selinux engine .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  get   a

test:  in case of a file is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  function   case
truth:  null   case

test:  determine the currently active module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  shows the current user and pretty --prefix for a component" .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  null   structure
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move items into a new query .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  move   a
truth:  moves   null

test:  determine if all glob matches the glob patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  extension to examines a certificate alt by subdirectories .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  set the current value of all assets in an assets asset .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  null   certificate
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  initialize data with prefix .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  call   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  returns the executable to use to hug .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only work on ubuntu .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of the all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  checks for the resource modified data .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  to   find
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure testing mode is enabled in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   nms

test:  determine if a user is sudo .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  start   null
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  atomically atomically key from a file and associate it to the key on the bucket .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  move   a

test:  convert a query dictionary to a dict of dicts representing a query .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  trivial   sandwich
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  find all bricks in list of bricks visited .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  takes   handles
truth:  walk   null

test:  create a list of volumes to all volumes in the given root .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  configured   list

test:  get the interdiffs computer hostname if not .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  update   set
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  packs packs .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  sets   store
truth:  packs   a

test:  print details of the summary .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  print   authors

test:  retrieves information for a particular service .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  post   create
truth:  calls   calls

test:  check if a pid is running against the specified pid .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  retry for all retries in the database .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  retry   equivalent
truth:  try   something

test:  run --outdated .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the onkyo platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  computes the pairwise distances between x and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  computes   part
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  disable user to registered users when a username is created .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  mark   signal
truth:  setting   setting

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value or list of properties to a list .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  simple function to return if host is smartos or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  combine the elements of a file .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a request index .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  return   headers
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get element by their associated id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dictionary of the tool shed by the answers config via the usage metadata .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the initializing initializing is included in the widget .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  read the metric dict .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   traffic

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  format   string
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  return true if task has customized method attr .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  initializes the given object in a class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return information about the logical command .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  returns   enable
truth:  get   get

test:  return arguments for runs one operation .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return one or more dictionaries to zero or more matrix .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  replaces   replace
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  encrypts a sysfs .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  decrypt   version
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  product view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  ordered   product

test:  use this function to close to close to extract the specified issue .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  array   pull
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  function   a
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to define a variable that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  select   use
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text - the 8 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the cipher - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  converts all keys in a dict to a dictionary .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the mode of the files that can be active .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  return   a

test:  get the grains from the proxied device .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  get   get
truth:  function   function

test:  generates a actual schema .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   function
truth:  format   a

test:  plot 250 plot .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  computes   request
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  give a list of page where the user has in the page .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return a copy of a style type .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae samples with multiple samples which is used to have the same column as the right point .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  compute the categorical crossentropy for each eigenvalues of a sparse .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  null   prediction
truth:  cross   cross

test:  import a module given its name .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  null   alternative

test:  create a template string that renders the current template and returns a serial object .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  adapt   null
truth:  build   a

test:  copy a the source to the destination .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  test that an api is raised by its dependencies .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  default   test
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   decorator
truth:  insert   a

test:  detach all references in a path .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   null
truth:  detach   program

test:  a slightly helper .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  send   messages
truth:  send   a

test:  delete a given uuid .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this is a simple functions that return the data on the minion cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   one

test:  decorator implementing tests of methods .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  return   version
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  returns the list of keys to use for the given list of keys .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  returns an object that is an object .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  object   object

test:  use [transformer_1 .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  accepts   string
truth:  null   formatter

test:  format tasks for a task into a given 0s .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  formats   tasks
truth:  format   a

test:  kill the text from the cursor to the clipboard .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  move   kill
truth:  kill   kill

test:  the loader will execute the given method in the currently selected internal tests .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  null   null
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  clears the rss limit for the given layer .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a model obj and a tuple of arguments .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   inspect
truth:  given   a

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   hash
truth:  return   return

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  check if the contents of the text plain by the content type .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  look for a module of the current user has completed .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses input for evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: html this plugin yaml: html requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attributes .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  compute the full text of a dict .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  clears the instances .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize nick templates .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  registers a model .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a javascript source code of the javascript files in js .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  copy   js
truth:  has   js

test:  insert an existing database to the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  display   import
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  wale_syslog_facility is valid at specified notempty .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  write a single integer from a file .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  copy   redirect
truth:  write   null

test:  sharedvariable a traceback that splits the given expression .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  function   create
truth:  look   up

test:  remove any files that was last updated at mtime .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  list action by comparing or name .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   signal
truth:  list   regexp

test:  detects if the agent and return a ipv4 platform .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  construct   attempt
truth:  if   null

test:  return a dictionary of the users language codes .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  to   set
truth:  return   return

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get both loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   intersection

test:  the command line html .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  running   running

test:  mixed inheritance from old-style & new-style class .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  test   distance
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return data from the minion out of the named file .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   data

test:  generate po bvecs with respect to the bvecs .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  create   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  make a list of datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  runs a shell command on the given command .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if expression is an expression .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  parse the configuration and start the configuration .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  requests specific privacy list .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  null   use
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  list changed changed changed on the instance .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  guard against invalid user .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  simple logging wrapper for logging .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  lists   log
truth:  log   log

test:  simulates a member2 user with a member email .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  convert a tag namespace to a clark format .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return the given list of the sites objects .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a list of all files found in the given directory .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  module   path
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: a torrent file and [info-hash|task-id] associated with the ns ns url .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  null   install
truth:  null   lx

test:  determines if certificate is an subject certificate .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  renders an "add form form for the given object and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns whether the course status for a particular course creator .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  return   data
truth:  null   method

test:  function to standardize the hermite arrays .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  null   encoder
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a paypal html into a string .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all active vms for which the vms is on .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test creating a bucket .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  to   null

test:  update collections collections in global engine .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back to their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  convert   a

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   one
truth:  derive   one

test:  shares photos from a viewpoint library and inbox .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   a

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   undo
truth:  undo   undo

test:  return a list of all available lighting devices .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   negation

test:  parses compound hosts from a list of hosts .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  given   keys
truth:  list   list

test:  get meta cached cached cached cached cached for a given doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   frappe

test:  main function to main script .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  to   ldap
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  return the number of words in a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  return   get
truth:  find   find

test:  computes multivariate simpson quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  extended   return
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  convert a string of bytes .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  text   text
truth:  yield   null

test:  return an iterator of frames from a socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   ports
truth:  convert   convert

test:  kill a top process .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  return an ssh request key .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  generate   view
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the stroke radius .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  inserts a new query record .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  inserts   a

test:  returns the edxnotes id for the provided user and secret .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generated   returns

test:  make sure that line comments are valid .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  converts a string argument to a buffer .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  like   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check that astropys .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  test   test
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  returns date in http timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   datetime
truth:  converts   a

test:  context manager to temporarily add exception to exception .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  exception   manager
truth:  save   current

test:  creates a dialog object for the given definition .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a canvas canvas .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   subroutine
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: zh-tw -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a dictionary mapping .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  call   module
truth:  return   return

test:  evaluates the largest moref to the normal english frame .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  null   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  show documentation of show .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create the rules in the input data .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  write   returns
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the number of days of a service .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure a resource in the running resource is present in the running resource .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   resource

test:  sends an email to the specified recipient .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  sends   context
truth:  send   multipart

test:  check if n n is a valid ipv4 or 1 .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return list of line numbers .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  handle   part
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  logs the generated hook .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  restore   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  return the absolute path to a resource .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  null   path
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister all models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   models
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the prefix is a valid string .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all urls linked to the resource at the given resource .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_processes is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  if   adjust
truth:  if   null

test:  expand the configuration .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  expand   names
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the given encoding is ascii .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  writes quality scores to a file in single-line fasta and writes them to seq_order: .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  call   args
truth:  writes   a

test:  version of urllib .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  converts   encode
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a timestamp to python timestamp .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  null   article
truth:  takes   article

test:  ckan the ckan .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  simulates   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  user logout .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logs   vulnerabilities
truth:  logout   logout

test:  return true iff both bytes and got are equal to got .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  finite   finite

test:  check whether a path is a file .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return selecting file names according to dll/exe .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  return   difference

test:  retrieve project groups and stores groups from manifest .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  retrieve   role
truth:  gets   null

test:  alternative implementation of an otu_table .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  returns   order
truth:  null   null

test:  save image .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   a
truth:  process   process

test:  performs a simple greeting operation on the given template .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  returns   returns

test:  does necessary setup to allow it to get quota storage .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns yaml representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  performs   export
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  mocks a command to use when initial content is md5 .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  retrieve   wrap
truth:  lookup   a

test:  provides return the user if the kernel is linux .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  set   check
truth:  provides   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core with individual columns .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   a

test:  returns an absolute absolute uri for the given request .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   magic

test:  publish a set of all public pages in the given language .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  published   create

test:  delete the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  execute a command with pyenvs ruby the path to the command in the specified environment .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  quick interface .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   dir

test:  either either a module or a module .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  null   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the certificate to be given as a certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  ensure   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  return a dict with many roles defined in the given permission .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of releases that have the highest episode .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  get   release
truth:  return   return

test:  return lvm version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  return   return
truth:  installed   shows

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  fetch   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get summary step without shipping method step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   user
truth:  tries   user

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  adjust   null
truth:  call   call

test:  compute a unique binary label of the given images .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  update   binary
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  null   response
truth:  null   null

test:  create fastq fastq to run fastq with win_path and write filtered get-torrent .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  make   score
truth:  makes   a

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  updates user email in basket .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  remove   update
truth:  update   user

test:  return a unique integer array of llist .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  an xri object is an xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  transform   xri
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  check if dyadic is less than timing timing .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the green object for the green green .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  return   a
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list_user_unsubscribed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  try to get a dictionary of locales information from a list of json locales .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  load   locales

test:  find the quality q for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  a convenience method to select options .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  select   null
truth:  selects   a

test:  return a fuzzy object given a module name and a module .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  module   a
truth:  import   a

test:  logs a single character .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  to   data
truth:  log   channel

test:  compute greatest factorial factorization of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  map   return
truth:  return   a

test:  shuts down the server and wait for the server .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  test that an object is shown .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  format   format

test:  sets the content of the cached content to a cached version .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  sets   content
truth:  stores   stores

test:  drill a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify check for openshift openshift for openshift in openshift .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a list of all containers into a series for each frame .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter documents based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   power
truth:  compute   compute

test:  rm a job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   cron
truth:  remove   remove

test:  fetches the rights for the given exploration .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  loads a parameters from a file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  is   method
truth:  loads   null

test:  a decorator raising a function if a hash has been added to checks .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  null   +

test:  test updating the meta data from cache .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  insert   data

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the first hour of the first letters is farther than three every request .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  test   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read the byte string .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   render
truth:  read   a

test:  create a new paste paste .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  creates   entry
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  scale and return the exported text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure the frame already exists .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  create   send
truth:  null   frame

test:  add all non-deleted handlers .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  add   product
truth:  registers   null

test:  update an abandon execution .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  update   data
truth:  marks   execution

test:  determine if the user is masquerading for the student .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse an error message and return the error .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  return   response
truth:  creates   a

test:  a outline review review .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  to   view
truth:  displays   null

test:  convert any oob modified modified modified modified modified modified name to the hash will be automatically snapshot .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   string
truth:  encode   encode

test:  print a list of cloudpipe .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  list   list
truth:  print   a

test:  set the preferred mask for the current thread .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check the coverage for used .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  run   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  release a media report report object .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test help command for existing command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  help   help

test:  create an image in the local machine .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see table output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  renders a mako template as a dictionary and send it to the given dictionary .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  markdown   null
truth:  render   a

test:  restart a service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  try to dbfield data structures by field .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  to   a
truth:  try   fn

test:  view function that handles password .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  sends   handles
truth:  to   attempts

test:  read all multipart/form-data data into entity .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  null   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  return the identifying matrix for a simple recurrence of n .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  detects   null

test:  add assembly attribute .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   triangle
truth:  add   add

test:  enable tab completion completion .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  docstring   init
truth:  enables   readline

test:  rename a module to standard deviation .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  change   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the cluster size in a cluster .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   cluster
truth:  extract   null

test:  check that we can fit a estimators .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   check

test:  expected backwards backwards compatibility between two arrays .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  null   sign
truth:  return   n

test:  returns string value wrapped by hexadecimal .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  function   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  base : base | base | base | base | base | base | base | base | base field_type base | base .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   ownership
truth:  null   null

test:  get integer in the following python source code .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  to   get
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a checksum for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   redirect
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   member

test:  this sets an event on a model .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   a

test:  data -> gzip data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  verifies   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  removes a system dataset .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  edit   data
truth:  purge   a

test:  extracts code from a function by disconnecting it from a function .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  code   code

test:  check a password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   a

test:  set whether option has specific value .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  to   parses
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file containing the boundary and boundary .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  publish   method
truth:  file   file

test:  return a safe objects for the given refs .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  return   a

test:  answers to the gettext .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  if   call
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob id .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the standard pmf algorithm on a banded image representing well .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  apply   image
truth:  null   tv

test:  convert an import string to an object .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  return   list
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a geometryoutput .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  func   null
truth:  function   function

test:  guess the object metadata .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  casts   null
truth:  null   number

test:  certificates hours controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  null   certificates
truth:  null   activity

test:  performs rendering using template_string instead of a file .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  markdown   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return the string containing the major and minor version .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   implementation

test:  get configured rules cli example: .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new error index and a code object .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  builds   create
truth:  create   create

test:  create command line options for commands .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   options

test:  generate the installation token for the given file containing variation of images .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   number

test:  wrap a function with a given class .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this they a list .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  return a relative luminance to color space .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  detects join between source files .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert start time string to a date .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : integer command newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  returns a string from the number .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   =
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert a string argument to a bool value .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  string   string

test:  same as a is b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds api to the api request .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read ctc sources from a fif file .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  generated   manager
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given version of the given job .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  adds   versions
truth:  add   a

test:  linearly interpolates values based on the values of y values of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  is   null
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  wrap the dictionary and returns a dictionary containing the global dictionary of directories and the file names .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  toggle   null
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the data for salt cloud config .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   start
truth:  return   return

test:  set the ipython python interpreter .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  use   configurators
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users view shows the available project as he .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  project   users

test:  insert a setting changed changed user into the settings dict .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  ensures   serialize
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a service on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  default   html

test:  make a minimal comment .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  make   create
truth:  create   a

test:  simple simple w/in w/in to trims the caller .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  null   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  create a those record for the those master .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   helper
truth:  copy   copy

test:  negates scaler option .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  string   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  test if an error is raised if the system is not a valid location .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  null   change
truth:  like   like

test:  check if a service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inverse

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that the given method is a dict .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  plots   null
truth:  pads   null

test:  scan for a scan .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  authenticate   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  add a system configs to the filesystem .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  return   null
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate the padding of the alignment darkened by timestamps .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  byte   byte

test:  recursively guess the field from the most recent field .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  guess   null
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming dissimilarity for two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   improvement
truth:  computes   null

test:  prepares partial content to a given message .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  generate   default
truth:  presents   null

test:  multi-class and convert an image to a sequenceexample .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  function   image
truth:  crops   null

test:  given a url and port .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  listen for events based on configuration .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  disables   learning

test:  effort the current directory and convert it to a consistent json-compatible .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in output state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  create   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  remove mine .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  remove   supervisor
truth:  removes   a

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   vm
truth:  return   cputime

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for init .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  config   config

test:  returns an factor sum .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  calculate   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string representing an encoding or a string .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a python source string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  quick helper to check a model .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  wipe   -
truth:  is   n

test:  returns true if the referring pem pem .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  bytes   iterator
truth:  convert   a

test:  split a module into a module and return the dicts defined by the module .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  func   a
truth:  create   a

test:  take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  applies   update
truth:  take   a

test:  retain vertical spacing before eliot character .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   null
truth:  retain   null

test:  return a new generator that yields tokens .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  ensure that we are running on a quick config .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  test   test
truth:  run   core

test:  label encoding iterator .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  is   source
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  splits string into multiple plugin_path .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  remove a resource .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  runs a command in an out-of-process shell .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  yields all modules .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the graph of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a default dict of the current axis of a row .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  make   verifies
truth:  used   null

test:  load one or more files from the json file and return it .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  return   json

test:  handle a timezone .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  parse   import
truth:  issue   issue

test:  return list of all active games for the current editing .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve the release version string into the latest version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  gets   import
truth:  return   return

test:  given a clsid .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  print   a
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  return the leftmost descendants of a node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  prepare a well-formed curve to check if the built-in value of the virtual config-files of r is a manager .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  returns   import
truth:  create   create

test:  create dask array objects from a stack .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   dask

test:  check the function to return the correct *m* parameters sos : array_like .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  validates   compute
truth:  to   helper

test:  read the entered maps .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  mocks   config
truth:  get   get

test:  verify that the __round__ option has no colors .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  check   null
truth:  to   test

test:  given a vm data .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  get current user .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  null   -
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the sequence of non-zero elements of a sequence .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   values

test:  run the discovery entry in the given cache .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  remove   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file scheme; .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  returns a deferred result for the current api .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  return   size
truth:  convert   a

test:  configure effective to use the bundle level .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  force   return
truth:  is   null

test:  helper function to make an ssl url and get an ssl to address .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get and return all pairs .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a dictionary where clause are unique .
truth: s: string . 
test:  find   a
truth:  string   string

test:  delete data to the given cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  return dict of information about the specified job id cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an xml string from the xml definition in the batchmailentry .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  parse   in
truth:  creates   a

test:  same as a lstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  null   return
truth:  removes   null

test:  map non-ascii section to the xml document .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  source   source
truth:  maps   maps

test:  create a gzip file with the given data and data .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost exists .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  cubic spline spline to being used in a unit .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a list of all the fuzzable in the specified kb requests .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   vulnerabilities
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the unit mapping associated with given unit .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  open a url to a file .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  ssl   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  return a record for the nameservers of domain .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  writes a file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  -   tfr
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to format the national number of national .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  format   function
truth:  formats   a

test:  register a encoder/decoder for use in word .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  like   validates
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  loads the farthest addons for configuration and updates the given website .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  find the specific header in the database as well by the header .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the value of the mangled transport is between [0 .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  a helper function that converts a single key into a key .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  create a fast connection with the specified options and optionally other .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  check   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks whether two equations are equal .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  array   return
truth:  check   check

test:  verify that an object is a starts with empty strings .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  test   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  safe form of repr .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  form   form
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url and port .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  retrieve all consistency groups belonging to a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a list of weighted data loaded by the weighted mean .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  sorts   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get information about a container container container container container id container id container id container port container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  port   container
truth:  port   port

test:  returns a check that a check is a check .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indices of an array along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  generate a color string by byte .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  color   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  flip the tree tree .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  mean absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  mean   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  considering the jaccard coefficient of x as x .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  the django django server fails if the django server is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  null   django
truth:  null   harvest

test:  this method is registered as ofp_error_code_to_str method into ryu .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  parse a fs fs array into a list with with descending elements .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  deprecate the response to the latest command .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  gets   configuration
truth:  let   null

test:  create a native add-on source for an implementation of the given interface .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  create   a

test:  construct a file built using the given file object .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  change   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available networks .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the corresponding corresponding portion that will find a template file that will be started for a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   logging
truth:  find   find

test:  run jinja prices in a template .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  search   return
truth:  return   return

test:  adds properties to the context .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  accepts a byte string as per ascii bytes .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test dealing positions of set positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  hashing   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check that the messages messages are valid .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   window

test:  get a collection of ref from a dict .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  return   callback
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a set of induced nodes from g .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build an argparser object from the given alphabet .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  write   null
truth:  breaks   up

test:  parse a host string into .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  format an event as a ast .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return a callable that explicitly be used in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  patch the cache-control header by adding it to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  patch   parse
truth:  function   function

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing current directory ( .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  convert nodes and another html elements to another .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  generates   html

test:  return a list of running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  return   list
truth:  running   running

test:  create the default exception instance .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  create   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to mark a function as a fake test .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  to   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  return line number that is a line .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   check
truth:  obtain   line

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  default   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns a list of matching ids .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  make   dict

test:  find path in a directory .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   a

test:  routine to add a request to the current activity api .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  null   null

test:  allow for the user to select .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set remote url to remote remote remote .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  set   app

test:  against a response and wait for use as a 303 .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  host   flask
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return interface_details information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  release each build file from the system .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  sample from one image .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  array   groups
truth:  sample   a

test:  validate a google storage bucket name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  given   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  generates a string for a given key .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  compute polynomial composition f(g) in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  find a topic to start a topic .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  give   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  parse options from the response .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  null   results
truth:  null   null

test:  extract metadata from a plugin metadata and save it to the same directory as update .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  access   a
truth:  add   documentation

test:  get the lists of paths from the given list of paths .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  given   a

test:  predict predict that are json or warning: to a python data structure .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  looks   json
truth:  null   null

test:  exponential x .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  null   x

test:  build step to run cart from the request .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  null   cart
truth:  return   number

test:  check that normal length dont have correct number .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  test   intervals
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten a list .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  a generator that yields a chunk of bytes .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new server in a given secret .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  setup the gpsd service .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised when wrong objects is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  finder can accept a typo requirement and reorder .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  create a new addskip .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  null   socket
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the named container can be placed .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  escalate   null
truth:  freeze   null

test:  returns a list of average summary with the given language codes .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  catch: with radian .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  set the meta of the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   media
truth:  set   set

test:  normalize contrast .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  mean   sum
truth:  null   contrast

test:  loads api keys for a specific user .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  attempts to restore a file .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  starting   null
truth:  are   null

test:  add tags to an iam resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   tags
truth:  add   tags

test:  load mime files .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  load   load
truth:  file   file

test:  initialize data with prefix .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  get redis key value from a redis hash .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  if   a
truth:  set   set

test:  return attributes for each attributes that are additional attributes that are additional additional attributes .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a named named group .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this returns the thread of all available sequential sequential .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  test that get_user() function works as it is properly work .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a random cloud string .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  generates   a

test:  escape eni_id characters in list starting with its entities .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a json that is complete to provide the user .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  null   a
truth:  complete   auth

test:  flood and receive packets at layer 2 nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   decorator
truth:  send   packets

test:  like data .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  return   data
truth:  mean   mean

test:  preface and convert an svg file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  widen   null
truth:  null   chamber

test:  view an http template .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  view   display
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  itemfield view .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  null   order
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  return the vm to which the vm is running on a specific vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  returns   username
truth:  remove   a

test:  connect a 3-tuple: and client together .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  splits a datastore path into the datastore .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   number
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return a copy of the string s with leading and trailing whitespace removed .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  verifies for the row and terminal .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  review   handle
truth:  displays   null

test:  fixture that returns a root xml xml xml .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  set   fixture
truth:  xml   xml

test:  returns true if filter filters based on the specified subset of a variable based on its type .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  parse   status
truth:  keep   null

test:  the first func of a sequence .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  same as absolute .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  null   url
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  display a repository requires the requirements files to find the repository .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  list   node
truth:  enable   enable

test:  aborts execution and causes the redirect to the url .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  wrap   url
truth:  writes   a

test:  run an immutable pdf with a pdf shape and a ps sequence .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  plots   a

test:  calculate hac robust hac of series n .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   null

test:  create new current database .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   users

test:  accepts a list of options .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  list   list

test:  path - url .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   -
truth:  null   path

test:  view function that handles a user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  puts() shouldnt output with unicode values .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  force a commented transform to a given level .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  click   callback
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx source string .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   tokenize
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  gets node registration from given node registration .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   node

test:  as one of the expression .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  null   a
truth:  try   try

test:  filters an iterator by adding all symbol to a table .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  return   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  test that for two independent samples of vector samples with internationalization scale/standard .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  sample   null
truth:  test   test

test:  takes a transparently string containing a summary of the renderer .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  to   expand
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a tar file containing all of the source files .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  disable the site .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the preferences for the layer .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that a foreign key is properly properly .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  parse   actions
truth:  resolve   a

test:  set attributes on all flatten flatten by the given document .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  swap   set
truth:  replace   replace

test:  strip whitespace from a uri string .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  converts   check
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   zip
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  find the current web page .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  gets   t(a
truth:  get   a

test:  tests to ensure that the type passed to the type is provided .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  submit a call to a given addon .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  submit   function
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create a action to open a file in the given url .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  prepare the options class .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  called   null

test:  serialize a standard file containing the specified output .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  workaround   a
truth:  serializes   null

test:  use this function to get u''except .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  url   null
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ask   a

test:  handle the response to be a yyyy-mm-dd .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  add   dataset
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set the default ruby of the ruby to install rvm .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  negative regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  generate   hack
truth:  null   null

test:  execute a standard monte-carlo if the given rule was created .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  command   log
truth:  execute   null

test:  check if the top-level root is running .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  if   runs
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  give a model .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a function to execute a template .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  markdown   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  look up a kernel .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  get   =
truth:  importing   try

test:  test movie movie movie .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get all the family families for the current request .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  get   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return the uid and interface .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  url   set
truth:  testing   testing

test:  calc autocorrelation .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  update column order of column .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  update   columns
truth:  set   set

test:  test reading and index of g .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  make   pyyaml
truth:  test   len

test:  handle various objects in the toy cell .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list pool available cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  and_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  verifies we can inference by people/teams .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  null   github
truth:  given   null

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for cloudstack configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  components components in a platform-neutral way .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  check that branches is being used .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks if the user has complete complete exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  requests   matching
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validates a timeout or none .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validates   a

test:  wrap a raid unicode string so that it can be placed within a <script> block without accidentally sign .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  using   null
truth:  escapes   <

test:  returns a list .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  list   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  splits code into clickable with [c] .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  list   list

test:  cache a cache key for caching to be created .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  return all subsets of all variables in v1 .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  has   null
truth:  to   null

test:  convert shape with broadcasting to triangular surface .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  fix   x
truth:  null   null

test:  a simple modifies modifies reorient .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  yield   versions
truth:  block   block

test:  validates all formset .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes and saves a file to a temporary directory .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one error .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  decorator that will run hosts with env .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  use   use
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  calls the sequence in sequence either there or sequences in a sequence .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   return

test:  solves a solves order differential equation with coefficients .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   key
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a string representing the given student and the state of the given network object .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  list   state
truth:  get   a

test:  return the text tag for a default tag .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  read the crop file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  test a masking masking with images .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   content
truth:  test   test

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the list of files inside the path .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the surface of a set of auto elements .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a string containing one space .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load a file .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return a create and a service_check one .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  reads and returns the contents of the url .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  return   url
truth:  given   null

test:  configure and start request .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  builds   configures
truth:  configures   configures

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return file stats .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  return   check
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test to ensure the definition is definition .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  validates time to ensure that the user can change .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  time   time

test:  generate a geometric cosine between a series of points based on a series of catalog and a period of their position .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  to   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  makes a checking for the given object .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete up a module from the given module and dest to be removed .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  add a new song to disk .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   polynomial
truth:  add   song

test:  convert appears into a range .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  decodes   input
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the cursor from the database .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   show
truth:  return   a

test:  test when inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends in 7 .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  called by the servicetester in community .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the featured activity reference to a given featured instance .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  return   function
truth:  gets   a

test:  return whether *func* stub with the function or function is called .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  read the creds of a creds .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  if a bug file family family exists .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  read   input
truth:  null   null

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  print   a
truth:  module   module

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a pound character followed by asp .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  append   a

test:  runs the testsuite and resets the results .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  build   null
truth:  get   get

test:  find the unicode counter code :return: true if the key starts with the newline .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   type

test:  make a date string to a datetime object .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  string   string

test:  returns pkcs#1 norm of normal distribution .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  return   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  return a right-stochastic representation of an undirected graph g with a cycle .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  most recent entry generation key starts for a course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  decorator for demo log query .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given the :class:sqlalchemy and a set of :class:sqlalchemy .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  compute   calls
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a finder module from a finder file .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  imports   imports

test:  represent an address as a packed packed using the following class .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  removes all users from the network device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   users

test:  decorator that calls the decorated function .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  return the pdf path specified by path defaultif .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  replace %xx escapes by their single-character equivalent .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  replace   mark
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  get a private password from the given server .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  store the given configuration variables .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  documents   application
truth:  copies   copies

test:  return information about the system metadata meta-data cli example: .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  get   return
truth:  block   block

test:  enable maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  enable   maintenance
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  verify if a signed certificate matches the given public identity .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the url to the bootstrap theme css theme url .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  url   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees in nexml format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  tracked tracked by printing to the string by column/value .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  template   remove
truth:  splits   a

test:  raises an exception if start .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  set the multiplier time to end in the multiplier .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   manager
truth:  set   set

test:  convert an knv string to hex bytes .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path to a module or none if it doesnt exists .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   null

test:  get files in a given files or the directory .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  files   a
truth:  files   files

test:  start of the game .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   testcase

test:  display a new thread with urls .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  return   null
truth:  request   multiple

test:  t-test t-test to display all shuffled file-like object .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  return   m
truth:  return   return

test:  load the module from the module .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  module   a
truth:  get   get

test:  check if number is a list of warnings .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the current user name .
truth: return user name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are set .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   queue
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns a subdictionary from the given config .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  null   time
truth:  null   date

test:  get unpacked double value .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a banner 10 .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   log
truth:  given   integers

test:  get system managers for implementing / user .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  get   name
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the media title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   callbacks
truth:  set   movie

test:  convert an image to the categorical class of a channels .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the named service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   inverse

test:  update average average average .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   properties
truth:  update   update

test:  return the get/key output of the :returns: string .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of distance partitions by databases .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   a
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  chop   a

test:  returns a list of collection links from the request .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  track each cover of the vm with ifupdown2 or dotted cover .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  set   service
truth:  track   states

test:  validate the provided token body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns an iterable of edges in g from source .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produce   edges

test:  return the number of positive second in n .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  return   desktop
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a string argument to a unix so that it can be used as one token .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  turn on/off bytes into char .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  list   token
truth:  return   a

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  echo   echo
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features from file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  parse   formats
truth:  read   feature

test:  applies the sequence of elements in a sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  empty   a

test:  flush to flush .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  create   python
truth:  email   email

test:  adds a blaze expression to a sparksql expression .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  make   dictionary
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace note that the executed module will have full access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the indices of the minimum value along an axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   range

test:  main entry point .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  null   input
truth:  null   entry

test:  check if given port is equal to be a tuple .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the nma notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filesystem scheme .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  to   attempts
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to make sure the given object is a class that is not a fake test class .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  creates   decorator
truth:  fake   fake

test:  compute the spline for each qk and variance of its qk .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get the current encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  return   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  compute the orientation of the probability deviation .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  returns   measure
truth:  null   deviation

test:  returns github api calls for github user .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  toggle   warnings
truth:  function   function

test:  helper method for common types of declare .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns network_id .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  change the user to which a group can be created .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  return   username
truth:  remove   a

test:  transform a lowpass filter prototype to a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   converts
truth:  transform   a

test:  calculates the tau tau tau given by word .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  run a shell command with args from a shell of interacting with args .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  create   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get package paths from the package .
truth: given a package . 
test:  package   package
truth:  given   a

test:  return the placementgroup to use .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a string to a string of 10 character .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  input   number

test:  helper function to catch a proper request .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  to   accept
truth:  function   function

test:  get the amount of all the first item in mapbox .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  to   one
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  issue   a

test:  get profile avatar for a user .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the queryset of mass allowed for the given addon .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  generate   check
truth:  return   json

test:  import module by name .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  to   try

test:  path helix helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  start   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that triadic works with graph .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  various function so rsync .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  index   app
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  download an s3 object to a file .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   parser
truth:  download   download

test:  starts the mongo data and display it custom pillar data .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  start   start
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a file system path to a tree .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  return   fs
truth:  convert   a

test:  list slack users .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  convert a continuous .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  a here for splitting instances of self .
truth: version of node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   version

test:  use network device using oslos or device .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  output   params
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of n from a blaze expression .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  performs   work
truth:  null   derivative

test:  this decorator wraps the specified function in the memoized safe for the currently loaded .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  returns   strip
truth:  list   list

test:  moment conditions for estimating parameters params : ndarray .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  provides the string representation of the expression .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  a least multivariate boolean values .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  convert   indices
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a path with each component the maximum of the respective components of a path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a function which will get the server status .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  ssh   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the expand hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  requests   requests

test:  returns a list of welcome strings for the given list of welcome modules .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  to do the ask .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  make   null

test:  ensure that the jokes denotes incorrect correctly .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  check   null
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  serve files .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  make   api
truth:  is   null

test:  accessor for data_format .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  post   post

test:  checks if a user exists in mongodb cli example: .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  render aggregate pages .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  return   null
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  attempt to plot the dimensions of the data .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   component

test:  add one stats that may be gcd .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   threads
truth:  add   add

test:  convert iso8601 iso8601 datetime .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  get   parameters
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  create a pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return true if the named container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  if   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  apply function for creating the derivative of the state .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  cache   vector
truth:  apply   apply

test:  given either int or w .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  determine   x
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  flask   teardown
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  scan a python source file and return the output directory structure .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  scan   remove
truth:  performs   a

test:  check for versions of .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return the outstanding .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  to   search
truth:  null   null

test:  for backwards compatibility between all three nodes .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches the exploration by enqueueing or multi key .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  write a sff header .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  converts a string into a tuple .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  array   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write the feed file for the last updated destination .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  set   up
truth:  function   function

test:  display last error message .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  return   print
truth:  to   data

test:  dump the private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  the smallest integer n .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test memoizes evoked class .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  attaches   timestamp
truth:  evoked   test

test:  parse a mapping of infiles to a mapping file .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  delete a mount mounttargetid .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  deletes   null

test:  ensure all env groups have present in the configuration .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  check   check
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  parse the given attribute string factory .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all files on the master .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the url to turn on a given type .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  return   data
truth:  make   urls

test:  converts an image to a network input image .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  applies   -
truth:  features   features

test:  test an icon .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  get   test
truth:  null   null

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  decorator to open changes to a server .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  return the pydoc dict of the _content_ at offset and offset .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two results of a dictionary .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   multiple
truth:  query   query

test:  set mysql collation .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  add assembly drill hole to positives .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   snmp
truth:  add   add

test:  checks if the element is present in the text .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  build an ssl error dictionary to extract options from the replaygain .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  build   check
truth:  build   build

test:  check that nova is protected .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  look   null

test:  set the configuration .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  solves lap_sparse x_i = b .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  extract   x

test:  helper parse action to hex strings .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  decoding   transform
truth:  return   a

test:  counts the number of lines in an counts .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  null   counting

test:  update the container .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  to   a
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the given file .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   entities
truth:  detects   entities

test:  print an exception report for the given user or the exception .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  report   report
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode a string using rfc 2045 .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decodes   string
truth:  string   string

test:  list all repositories from the repo .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  show an operation .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  display   null
truth:  show   a

test:  marks up a view as a view decorator .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  project   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled prerequisites for the given course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient with the current view .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  called   parse
truth:  use   use

test:  show the tenant status for this company cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a batch of the given axis to a variable .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read the image from a binary file .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   list
truth:  read   data

test:  helper to get raw types .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a response is a head one of the response .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  servicerecord add page .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   new

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   html
truth:  decodes   html

test:  test if cov and first element is same as expected .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  test   asserts
truth:  check   check

test:  quotes text so that it can be quoted in a quoted string .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   in

test:  return the returned namespace or raises one .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  validate   return
truth:  validate   app

test:  extract messages from mako keywords as a regular python keywords .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  returns   messages
truth:  extract   messages

test:  test to make sure that the html writer will write the html writer to the colorbar attribute of the datatable read the right answer returns the html .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  test a floating point labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   stores
truth:  test   test

test:  set the result of a result .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  parsing   set
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand a shortened ip address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   a

test:  get customizations in a given directory .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   custom
truth:  sync   custom

test:  fetch an account by name .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  setup the swiss covers .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  callback for escaping .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  upload   string
truth:  given   a

test:  get reference to a host and partition it .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  host   host

test:  check that an 822 message is rfc 822 .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  test   test

test:  default feedback feedback url for the current operating system .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  we can load custom extension from the module .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  test embed .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   plot
truth:  adding   test

test:  encrypts a stream of bytes from a stream using mapreduce .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   functionality
truth:  mask   generation

test:  convert an image into a file as needed to a mm .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  replaces   logs
truth:  convert   image

test:  take a repository and return a repository as a dictionary .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  take   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prints a message to debug log .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  needed   null

test:  decorator that checks if the user has the cached cached argument .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  given   url
truth:  issue   a

test:  return a local plugins .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the disk image for a given image .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  return   resize
truth:  increase   image

test:  render a template into a file object as a string using the mako format that represents the mako app and output .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   a

test:  return a list of lists of lists of lists .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  list   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  return any string type to built-in code .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  do   return
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  null   period
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks results of numpy and cupy ones are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a configuration file from a site configuration file .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  check   a
truth:  update   a

test:  show all the options for a given session .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns an messages for a module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  determine   null

test:  this function is called to get the default one or more nagios page .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  run   get
truth:  null   datetime

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  check   os
truth:  disallow   os

test:  do the input string conversion of array .
truth: if possible . 
test:  make   tests
truth:  if   null

test:  construct a slug suitable for storing in a combination of integrityerror objects .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  get a string representation of a python object .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  construct   description
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function calls a exponential function in a uniquely python function if needed .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  retry   a
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns a jenkins product of the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate and format any value in a field .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  like   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual objects associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get integer .
truth: get the int . 
test:  lookup   username
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of ipv4 size .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a date .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   values

test:  gets a dictionary of all users to access the feedback edx form .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  a simple quotes to read a string .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns a tuple of locationglobal objects .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a pool pool name .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  find   find
truth:  given   identity

test:  returns the number of seconds since the given precision is 0 and is a amount of cpu .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  round   method

test:  parse a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the response data for both the login and refresh views .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compare two images in a given directories .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  plugin   image
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns a unique flavor image key based on flavor/image .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  return true if an upstart service is disabled at boot .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   null

test:  find the line number for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  find   find
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a package .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   checking
truth:  makes   null

test:  return a list of dictionaries with all the run in the given worker .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a binary string using the given steam converter .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  makes   product
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  like   null
truth:  mark   mark

test:  generates circle for a dataset .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  replace   order
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  merge a user-selected and a text into the valid text .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  text   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  writes a file to the given name .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  parse   scan
truth:  process   process

test:  get the path with the control .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  build a document for tablemodel .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  mock module .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  context   replace
truth:  place   a

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to preserve order of the original list .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the size of the current system .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the number of cpu seconds from a named time .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  build an absolute path to the cmdtuple files .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  build   create
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: sitemonitor this plugin allows you to provide the build for the sitemonitor .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  null   duplicate
truth:  null   null

test:  remove keys from a users key .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  null   template
truth:  remove   data

test:  takes an iterable of dicts .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  null   null
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud databases .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check unified .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  config   sys
truth:  is   null

test:  logs the redirect form and handles the login action .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  validate   interface
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  parse a tuple to a space-separated namespace and convert it to a tuple .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   ip
truth:  parse   parse

test:  launch the results of the slightly command-line tool .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  print   method
truth:  execute   a

test:  plots a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop an image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   null
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list available features .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  import module by name .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  return   module
truth:  import   import

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder labeled when they dont exist .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  gets the field type for a field .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  get   field
truth:  returns   returns

test:  least common multiple between two strings .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the vlan id for this vlan .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  mapping a sequence to the elements in a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  if   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the tournament matrix of g .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  downloads data from a file .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  downloads   application
truth:  download   appstats

test:  creates a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   a

test:  check the module metadata .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  ssh   code
truth:  assert   assert

test:  only the length of the character .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  s   s

test:  gets the requested tag name for a person tag .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy files to a remote host .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  returns a dictionary of player details for a given player .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  takes   parameters
truth:  parses   parses

test:  cotangent of a series digits and a series of the hex digits .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  null   django
truth:  returns   a

test:  fix multiple dictionaries .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  stopped   entry
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the desargues graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the list of available audio output for the specified audio instance .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the same thing of the function .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  return   equality
truth:  null   alias

test:  a generalized replaceable between two points .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a description of the search rank for a given ratings .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract capabilities from a text string .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   text
truth:  extract   a

test:  creates a repository and its details .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  null   method

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  start : declaration_specifiers semi .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  null   pip
truth:  start   start

test:  use paramiko to disable paramiko .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  using   point
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  order   null
truth:  choose   null

test:  decorator to check if the rate has a manual exceptions .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  adds attribute to the given object with the given objects field .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a dataset from a volume .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  group an iterator by name .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  to   value
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a set of module names for all rmdir .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  null   completion
truth:  null   completion

test:  helper function that returns an iterator over the given expression .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  escapes   escape
truth:  null   helper

test:  reduce a dictionary to all tm in a list .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  change   a
truth:  disable   null

test:  get a list of user count for each user .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is run on an absolute host .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  configure   response
truth:  check   check

test:  get a list of all sysctl sysctl .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  randomly randomly randomly generated from integer probabilities .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  sets a due date for a student on a student date .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a valid linestyle pattern .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  test psutil .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  using   configure
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a dictionary .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  test io of io files .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  io   io

test:  accepts a key .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a users user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  computes the approximation of the action exponential using the model decomposition .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  sets   check
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a html page with the given banner and returns it .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  creates   statement
truth:  create   create

test:  inner or restriction of an array .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  create   check
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  create a volume group by using the block special devices .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  tries to choose the dna descent .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  turn   grid
truth:  null   null

test:  gauss-laguerre quadrature .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  returns   email
truth:  null   size

test:  disable the named sysv service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   enable
truth:  disable   null

test:  return bookmark user data for a specific user .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   data

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  register the function as a typically .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  return true if the current transaction requires a username/password username/password .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  if   one
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  temporarily assert the process when the process returned by timestamps when the signal is created .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  context   context

test:  send and hook a periodic task .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  to   check
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if a special context is a special special bar .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  if   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   volume

test:  create a colorscale where each colors is a colorscale .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  get the truncated path .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   calculate
truth:  get   get

test:  determine if we should recreate the given date .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  update   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a compiled compiled function .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  create   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  interprets an object as ansi dict .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  to   convert

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that a modifiers has a table of compared .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  test   utility
truth:  make   null

test:  return region code based on a request .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   notification
truth:  make   a

test:  return a list of active conferences for the current user .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  get   users
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a httpresponse object for the given engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns true if files have a joinable file .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  debug   part
truth:  compare   compare

test:  interprets an object as a hash for numpy arrays .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  point --> buffer x .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   offsets

test:  load an extension from a list of extensions .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  convert a file to a list of unix lines .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  register the given string to be cleaned up in the database .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  does   null

test:  serve the new session to the http request .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  build   try
truth:  handle   a

test:  get new model class .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  return   up
truth:  null   a

test:  fetch a gravatar email for a given email .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the estimated mean of the sum along an array .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  revoke the challenge challenge to use .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  called   null
truth:  revoke   null

test:  log a message with severity logging .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  log   debug
truth:  logs   a

test:  clears the internal cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the size of a binary string .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turns   null

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient methods that should be a handler for one or more arch .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  html page index for videos .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  display   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get records .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  return   worksheet
truth:  get   get

test:  compute a matrix exponential using the lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   encode
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a fake team of the given team .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  test   function
truth:  create   a

test:  make plugin available .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   return
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  same as a abs return a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  true if this node is an abstract method .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   point
truth:  point   point

test:  update the old paths of the provided paths and return a new set of paths .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if a setting has a valid settings .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  does   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts an oauthtoken and scopes string and scopes to scopes .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  this is a signing_server implementation of pivot .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  null   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts text with spaces to native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  takes   url
truth:  takes   null

test:  initializes the value in the random safe maximum generator with a random number generator .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the equation ternary ternary form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  splits kinds by kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  splits   map
truth:  null   null

test:  return mime-type with the best match (q) (q) list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  return   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns the virtual ip list for the given server list .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return random chars of the text .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the list of registered services for the specified service .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  decides   application
truth:  null   null

test:  get circle nodes from circle nodes .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  swapcase(s) -> string return a quoted version of the string s .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  do   null
truth:  is   null

test:  sanity check that it can be embedded into a valid string .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  looks   quote
truth:  input   input

test:  check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on the action used / referenced inside the rule .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the fallocate of a given file descriptor .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  function   display
truth:  null   disk

test:  convert list of properties to a tuple of :class: .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  single interface to the flat pages page .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pages

test:  copy an archive file .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   file
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns a list of working interfaces on the given ifname .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write relationships to the book .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  write   relationships
truth:  link   link

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a egg egg .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  is   null
truth:  get   role

test:  create a new template with processed .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ping an entry handler when its not have been modified .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  enable   updates
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test installing from a wheel file .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  free function to get a mongo wiki node from a main wiki api .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  null   optional
truth:  format   format

test:  creates a post request to load a protocol .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify an sha .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   a

test:  provides the target directory of a target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  return   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  create the default file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test handling of event ordering .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  test   event

test:  select tidy from the stack .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  applies   find
truth:  clean   up

test:  decorator that ensures that a list of hosts are in a list of hosts .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  return   return
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  get all virtual_interfaces for instance and network .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a free page class for the given page .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  get   page
truth:  return   return

test:  check if we can resize an image .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath as dstpath in dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the channel sensors .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a y_{t-1} with hex data .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  search   searches
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  validate the app configuration .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  view   download
truth:  config   config

test:  auto-populate and add proxy to update ready to debug-level .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  configure   import
truth:  create   create

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the second kind and derivative .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   numbers

test:  convert a given value to a unit identifier for datastore storage .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  unpack a numpy type from bti file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  create a threaded_server object .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test working copy with sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  working   test
truth:  working   working

test:  append an http token to the given url .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  append   url
truth:  appends   appends

test:  ajax preview of posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  watching   start
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   copyright
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  helper function to convert a dict of dicts to a string .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  extracts the name from the column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  return   up
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return a symbolic 1024 .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  downloads the datadir locs .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  downloads   values
truth:  finds   null

test:  lookup url by salt:// .
truth: given a url . 
test:  search   null
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a blob service .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  create configuration percentage .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  creates   bounding
truth:  create   configuration

test:  start geonode for django applications .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from aliyun concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  performs the distance matrix of the distance matrix .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the searcher function .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  markdown   null
truth:  fft   fft

test:  dynamically create a class from a module name .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adapted   null

test:  return a list of all the solution for which should be a solution .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  list   url
truth:  if   check

test:  serialize a stream to a stream and writes the host to the specified stream .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  construct an object holding binary data .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  gets   x
truth:  return   x

test:  simulates a user and stores it in a put/patch .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  view   parse
truth:  performs   null

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  set the vbox_guest module if the os is linux .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  work   runs
truth:  confirm   null

test:  wrap the message to log .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  to   variables
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that latex .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  create   check
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  creates a diagonal array from an array .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the edge boundary of a directed graph g .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  modified   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a url is running .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  get a fixed ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create config file with a config file .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   commands
truth:  if   test

test:  compute polynomial division of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  basic verification encoding .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  test   copy
truth:  null   null

test:  check that the password supports git server .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  check   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch a binary key .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get loops with a loop .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  function   add
truth:  loops   loops

test:  view function that allow confirmation page to confirmation confirmation .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  to   user
truth:  view   view

test:  try to convert a text like a string of 0 to an integer .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   start
truth:  convert   convert

test:  verify if the instance is a metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   return

test:  compute the l2 norm of f .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  null   f
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  helper to gradient/jacobian .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  needs   x
truth:  calculates   null

test:  escape the list of variables to jinja .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  escape   data
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  generate shortest shortest paths between csc and debug paths .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  validates   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  decorate a builtin hook to invoke .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  uses the given tarball to create a tarball in a given working directory .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given a schema .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get list of known devices cli example: .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  known   get
truth:  known   get

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  matching   average
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find the attribute of a node that is an reveal node .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  grab the list of files in the repository folder .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return metadata as a dict for the given instance .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  get   selinux
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  updates email preferences .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  update   mute
truth:  updates   updates

test:  takes a list of string and decodes them into a single list .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  splits   split
truth:  separate   null

test:  returns a suite from a given tag .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  elementwise shape of input variable .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  elementwise   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for ceil(float_division) methods .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  lists   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  only work on gentoo systems with setquota binary available .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  work   change
truth:  load   load

test:  a helper method to turn the list of classes into a list of nested lists .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  traverse   results
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  associate a lease on the cabot dictionary .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  delete   network
truth:  called   null

test:  get the entire files in a directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  where art .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  return   null
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete page .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  convert an address string to a signed hash .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of current product of permission .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute content and content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   content
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  if the desired input_file has a file that doesnt exists .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  elapsed   a
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  null   interface
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode string into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  to   null
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  generate a secure .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  create the file or directory for a given symlink .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  link   link

test:  returns the program which command to use for band .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   find

test:  return human size of human readable units .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  print   sizes

test:  generate a key .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the normal variance log-likelihood .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  computes   improvement
truth:  is   null

test:  create spatially file and return a which is unique to each test variable which is unique .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a vector to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  write processing source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a number into number of bytes with the value of bytes .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   format
truth:  convert   a

test:  get whether a process is eq .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  process   process
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a string like par2 srange to host .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  tickets view .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  displays   tickets
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  compresses data using given gzip string .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   return

test:  render the template_file .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  exponential linear regression .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  null   log
truth:  null   null

test:  provide a queryset update to the queue .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  model   context
truth:  works   works

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a taxon version of the python python program for this module .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  get   function
truth:  return   return

test:  convert list of input points to a tuple .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  checks that a request matches a whitelist which looks like a specific whitelist .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  renders a template with the given context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  render   a

test:  setup cover switches .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  return the last item of a list .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a slice of items according to the requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test rl_beginning_of_line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   yank
truth:  test   test

test:  close all data .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   a
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return the context for the current locale .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   locale
truth:  return   locale

test:  ensure that encodes encodes encodes a model with 3 bits and sigmoid activations of the last activations of the classes of the last activations activations .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  apply   a

test:  confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   null

test:  writes the string to a file .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  write   null
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get movie time from movie .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  print a file to the given file .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  write   html

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite transform for an x integer n .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a list of available devices .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   database

test:  check that the service exists .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  load   data

test:  a no-op function .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shut   null
truth:  shuts   null

test:  check whether a date matches an expression .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   expression

test:  return local diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  logs the most recent api .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   a

test:  only load if the npm module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  utility function that yields a single sentence with stats with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap a monkey-patch and returns a boolean .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  multiply the lowest scale .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  was   null
truth:  null   null

test:  handle move widgets .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   selection
truth:  moving   handle

test:  return an image of the *destty* to find the size of the image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  scaling   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  if nbt contains a source .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  return   power
truth:  null   null

test:  attempt to delete a temporary file .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  removes   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a pretty-print .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   convenience

test:  serialize an inventory dict to a task_id: .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  preface and convert an svg file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  alteration   a

test:  print a formatted string to stdout .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  print   log
truth:  print   a

test:  prints a new repo .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  delete   changes
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   cookies
truth:  delete   delete

test:  convert a pandas .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  sets   occurrences
truth:  converts   a

test:  kill a job with the given jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  determine if the word is close loops and containing the last left-aligns .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  encode a dbref .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   bson

test:  usage: dbref(3) this function returns true if the pid was called .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  tests that download_file gives an image and updates its plan_id .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  ensure   provider
truth:  projects   projects

test:  validate the email address .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  if   checks

test:  check if the server is installed and can be installed .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  concatenate   a
truth:  test   configuration

test:  return the default list of known strength .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack an archive .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  update a volume type by name or name .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   volume

test:  to make it easier to use for the currently sleep .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  endpoint   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  returns the mckean-schrader method with the given categoricals as a groupmeans .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  calculate   settings
truth:  calculates   null

test:  pause sent messages .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  display   exit
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure the rabbitmq is not installed .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  return   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  compute norm of a symmetric matrix exponential of derivative .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  null   norm

test:  returns the string representing the given option and pillar if the pillar is present .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  return   method
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set a server configuration in both configuration and for a given password .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  set   set
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  converts a numpy array of a boolean array into a numpy array .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the current user token and creates the users cookie .
truth: set g . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a dataset .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  handle the logging callback for publishing .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  return memory usage in bytes .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   memory
truth:  return   memory

test:  take an object into a facet encoding .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  file   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  set the given properties on a security group and update it .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  set   set
truth:  update   a

test:  mount the relative location of the file .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  input   up
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the thumbnail .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  return   path
truth:  get   get

test:  return long description of a file .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the expression type to match the counter_type type .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   safety

test:  replace all long characters with .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  convert   binary

test:  returns an iterator over the probability alignment .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  count   null
truth:  null   null

test:  validates a graph g for weighted graphs nodes .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   key
truth:  returns   a

test:  uploads a sample file for the given course_id .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return a uniform filter .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   distribution

test:  serialize obj and json so that it can be embedded safely inside json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  like   encode
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline paths .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  download a release cover art for a given image and size .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  download   download

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of each clip .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  add the given number of space characters to the whole line .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a connection to the socket on localhost .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  replace   connect
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  command   command
truth:  null   tools

test:  get all dependencies of a repository from the database via id .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  import   a

test:  test bayesian info .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   legendre
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure that line comments are valid .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  generate standard kindofgarch process with coefficients in kindofgarch and h parameters ar : array_like autoregressive lag-polynomial with batches number of samples in the batches .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove whitespace from whitespace remove .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates a student object and returns its email .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  update   attempt
truth:  enroll   a

test:  set up the queryset and filtering for related related related requests .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  creates a path relative to the current operating system .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the longest sequence .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  determine   summary
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute a command against the given app .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates comments in the given request .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  make a rss from a binary file and return its associated rss .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  turn   return
truth:  return   rss

test:  get quick source files .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  picks   data
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse all namespaces with the global query .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  grant   null
truth:  return   return

test:  install a paypal package .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   conda

test:  create a fake locale to be used in the current context .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  registers data in admin .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  register   extension

test:  plot a single data using obtained layer .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  count   vertices
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  expr   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  univariate module to disk .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  null   find
truth:  if   check

test:  returns whether the minimumdistance is joined to the current user .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  sets   state
truth:  set   set

test:  checks if the address is a valid ip address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  are   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  count the number of characters in a string .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reinstall ruby the ruby ruby the ruby to install rvm .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  supplied   check
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a dns rdata class value into text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validates data passed to __init__ .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  null   sensors

test:  set up a test mode .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  set   set
truth:  track   track

test:  api to handle webhooks from github api .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  to   structure
truth:  to   api

test:  generate a list of weighted choice choice from list of values .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  array   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   price
truth:  null   builder

test:  get sqs conn document .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  get   a

test:  send a user as a list of users .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  converts qubit matrix to a string .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return true if the value matches the given regexp .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write the last p_i file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  save   null

test:  takes parameters defined in the dictionary and returns the corresponding template params as a dictionary .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  look   null

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: dry specifies the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log for this job .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   wake
truth:  null   null

test:  check that the portage jail is in an bulk build jail url cli example: .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  export   service
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the score values for the target_dict[properties] projection .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a valid python package name .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the type of iterable object .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  function   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters by source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  elementwise sin function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  return   relu
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  extracts a query string to a given query .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  query   query

test:  return a filename to a file .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  plots   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  validate a validator value .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  goes   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  accepts   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get all non-deleted volume_types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a maps way to a mailcap file .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  a decorator to be used with badge to get a transaction .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  null   input
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns the objects of the object .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   a

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get information about a cache node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  create   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  check for proxmox configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  return content to add authentication .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  adds   provider
truth:  add   auth

test:  capitalizes first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   returns
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  check that a plotly graph is a plotly graph .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  validate   a

test:  a virtual linear transform .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  joins   attempts
truth:  shared   theano

test:  returns a node tree from a set of non-zero dates .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  is   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  returns a dict containing categories of categories that are ordered by the given database string .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   null
truth:  seek   null

test:  converts characters in a string to underscore spaces in a filename suitable for dot notation .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  computes   null

test:  send a lowest metric to a flow .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   data

test:  purge a organization from the rest interface .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  purge   null

test:  remove all users that have access to the corresponding user .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  if   calculate
truth:  separates   users

test:  test that a record can be logs into a checker .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   string
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if a virtualserver is present on the provider .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  convert suds dict into a marshallable object .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  works on a repository => .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  build   a
truth:  called   null

test:  generates the largest power of n .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute shortest path lengths between all nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a file: field path .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  take   a

test:  disables a host to a given host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  provide   test
truth:  simulates   null

test:  creates a new secgroup service cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  convert a long integer into the number of seconds .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   price

test:  create a set of image .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  function   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate n number of bits having to render a binary image with n .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   size

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   null
truth:  are   null

test:  decorator to designate a function taking a fuse iterator .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   signals
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm service prompt section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  disconnect   service
truth:  null   service

test:  tuple of expression .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  drop   filters
truth:  null   shape

test:  sample from prediction to truth .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  default page handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  return   null
truth:  default   default

test:  map legend data to new server .
truth: map command . 
test:  construct   command
truth:  command   command

test:  install the cli cli exits .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  prompt   parse
truth:  handle   irc

test:  copies a 1-sized vector to a set of vectors .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  output   chunks
truth:  finds   null

test:  fake function to format the html arguments for use in javascript code .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  use a vpc object to find a vpc vpc returns a list of tags .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  given   vpc
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract javascript tags from a given string of messages .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  return   message

test:  this is a helper function .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  try   scale
truth:  makes   null

test:  create a multi-dimensional figure with exponential figure .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get the list of the payload results for a particular type .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read a sequence of urls in a given string .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  package   emails
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the specified user preference for the specified user .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get text that may have been pager .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  set   output
truth:  null   null

test:  return the current partitioned table .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  raise a warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  issue   a

test:  return a and b .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the such that any duplicates are not present .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  attach   start
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create a synchronization model .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  given   a

test:  if an dont exist .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  if   modules
truth:  code   code

test:  list roles available for {}with .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  list   role
truth:  list   list

test:  template tag for pandasobject .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  expected   results
truth:  if   null

test:  test mean of tf-mxne .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the path of a temporary file .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  parse   -
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  place an order by specified order .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  clears   place
truth:  place   place

test:  detach the specified policy returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  given   null
truth:  detach   detach

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the lg tv .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  config   config

test:  class decorator that turns a new-style attribute into a class .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to have a volume .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  produce a clause to be a non-zero .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get pull request to the github api .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  list   pull
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  makes -> non-encoded .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  format   format

test:  check metric for metric .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  null   up
truth:  null   null

test:  work out what file names are present as a list of genbank strings .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   multiple

test:  execute the source_path command .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  run   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the trace from the sql query .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  sum   map
truth:  return   return

test:  create or update a forwards user .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  use   default
truth:  add   add

test:  compile a file in the list of stuff .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification with purchase invoice link after purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  send   notification

test:  display information about a specific config .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  list   information
truth:  return   a

test:  various offer list .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the view .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  converts   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  returns a lambda function representing a set of strings on a set of node extracted in a strings .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  return a list of valid python objects .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  creates the output of the dataset filename and returns it as a string .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  handles the password .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  called   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  like scope .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  to   null
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  for a path segments of the final engine .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  gives   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  rejection/acceptance sort of the crawler operator are discarded .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  execute a command .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  determine whether the given string should be used .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  used   function

test:  url existing editor .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  test   use
truth:  tests   editor

test:  helper to get a default google storage bucket for the given bucket .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of sets of the prefix and dll .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  test reconstruction with zeros .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  handle the logging .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  write   log
truth:  print   a

test:  compute ranking-based .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  induced   compute

test:  returns a multivariate corrupt representation of length bits .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  flip   a

test:  validates the secret parameters .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  fill   filter
truth:  null   null

test:  provides the user id for a process .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  to   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  view to add comment .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  add   group
truth:  adds   new

test:  converts any urls to an internationalized .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  transform   transform

test:  coerce x to unicode .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  accepts   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  create a schema from the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a new wsgi application and execute it .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  make   null
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  return the cumulative distribution for x .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  return   x
truth:  limit   limit

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  print   current
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick the disk driver driver by its name or version .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  pick   page
truth:  pick   pick

test:  model a case with explicit segments and upload an arbitrary segments .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  config   test
truth:  model   a

test:  change value in dictionary if none .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  sets   multiple
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an image label matching the given image name .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   image

test:  remove playlists from playlist .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  move   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  setup redis pools for redis characters .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  sets   config
truth:  starts   null

test:  converts a list of strings to a list .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a base64 encoded object .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  generate a model fields for resource with the given resource and resource fields .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  reloads   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  documents a batch action .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  returns the cache for the given cache .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a job snapshot by a salt jid jid .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a function to split a symbol into a string .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  extracts   list
truth:  split   split

test:  now a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  try   null
truth:  publish   messages

test:  the character should not allow javascript .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   a

test:  restores a config file back to a link_path zip zip zip file .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restores   a

test:  test fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return a graph for nodes and edge in g .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  null   digraph

test:  returns a step-by-step .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  test   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a 404 not found error .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  search for windows executable on windows .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get exit outlines .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  loads a keyfile file .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  read   return
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along with its histogram histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  checks if a user password is valid .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  download a bunch of actors .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  function   stop
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if a tool looks like a checker .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  find vpcs tags associated with a vpc .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   filter
truth:  given   vpc

test:  load config dict from a file .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  load   config
truth:  validates   validates

test:  displays msg and return msg .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  sends   redirect
truth:  null   frame

test:  list all catalogs .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  list   list

test:  show cassandra version for this cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  show   attempts
truth:  show   show

test:  monkey-patch the document and break it into the document .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  to   problem
truth:  find   find

test:  upgrade all alarm messages .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  turns   shows
truth:  null   null

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  create a new index type .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   traget
truth:  index   index

test:  return the first binary address in a given string .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  is   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  inside a cron user .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   limiting
truth:  null   replacement

test:  verifies that the given ip address is custom enough .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  verify   users

test:  print an error message followed by an indented stack trace .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  djangos   print
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets a data quoted from a text parameter and returns it .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  uses   function
truth:  parse   data

test:  loads the version file and returns a data structure .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  validate a color support .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of signatures which can be used to initiate a string and any formatted date or unicode() the data to response object .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  performs   error
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  generate   model
truth:  model   model

test:  ensure the named key is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  enable   enable

test:  discard the surface of the current working file .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  files   null
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   a

test:  writes the log file .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  file   signal
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adds the middleware headers to the vary response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  launches a process with given url and url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  restore   attempts
truth:  opens   a

test:  waits for login to allow a remote host to become them .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  wait   use
truth:  make   multiple

test:  return location of the vsphere associated with the given image id .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  test that all buckets buckets are found in the hierarchy .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list all the directories under the given directory .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  read a reflog file .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  return   build
truth:  if   checks

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the file upload the filename case is uploaded with the filename case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  adding   check
truth:  adding   check

test:  compile a function and return a dict with name namespace .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a x line f: and p2 .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  to   sample
truth:  null   null

test:  compute fourier transform .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  converts a bcd value to a bcd .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return any size of any dimension that are any dimension .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  fixed   null

test:  return the mixing matrix for g .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  checks if a provides attribute is a plural list .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  passed   check
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  compute y y for regression .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   product

test:  takes a string and returns a list of command-line arguments .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the bus number of a scsi number .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the minkowski dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  demonstrate to make sure we can import to import a fake module .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   python

test:  return a dict of information to the name of the git file .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  gives   list
truth:  compare   compare

test:  multi-dimensional convolve correlation filter .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  calculate   correlation
truth:  null   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  read samples in a files stored in a directory .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   data

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against one parameters nm : int .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  null   contrast

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing filter .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  bind a string which is used by p0f and is modequal .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a page .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  null   view
truth:  run   security

test:  convert a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager that sets the default app .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  default   default

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc def .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  determine the grade grade grade for the given problem .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  view   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate that a string is an empty title .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  null   validator

test:  find all explorations .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  registers a mimetype handler .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  delete all matching containers and delimiter .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  read   remove
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return source location of line numbers .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  like   one
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  return true if the given directory exists .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  map   virtual
truth:  return   return

test:  build a list of all the files in the given demo .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  print   print

test:  return a secret of unmounted .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a slug list by name from a raw name .
truth: get slug . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   slug

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students students in an s3 manner and push the results to an s3 bucket .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   students
truth:  null   a

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  linearly taxa based on values of explicit sample data .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the id attribute dictionary and element .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  compute a computenode to compute family of deltas .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  set   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  set the locator of a contour .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  set   set
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve instance access by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   instance
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  performs a getcfs key .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  filter   -
truth:  caches   caches

test:  generic search by name .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   searches
truth:  search   search

test:  separate top-level lines with two blank lines .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   check
truth:  separate   null

test:  configure configure configure language and return it as a deferred which will be enable .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  select   null
truth:  see   null

test:  we need to provide failure for normalized x .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   code
truth:  contained   code

test:  create a private key with a private key path .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a compute node by its associated id .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  simple example diff with tf-mxne covariance .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a security_attributes iam application which is unique to use the users package .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   a

test:  convert timestamp to 60 .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   filter
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  adds the middleware headers to the vary response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  patch   replace
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a dictionary with elements of seq[i] .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  randomly complement of a game .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a vlan lookup function to ensure that the current ip address is in use .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the current configuration options .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a string is installed .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  converts a string to unicode .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  return   test
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the path to the control segment of a profile segment .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  return   directory
truth:  get   get

test:  extracts a list of keywords from a lexer .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  update   a
truth:  get   get

test:  restart the named service .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  with test .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  stores   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  encode   null
truth:  decorates   a

test:  where the operation of the operation is complete .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  return   operation

test:  check if pip version is installed and can be installed .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  performs   commands
truth:  return   a

test:  class decorator .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  null   a
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieve all task statuses for a given task statuses .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  try to depending on the current object .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  is   object
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  parses a rule into a string .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get the iplayer data from a packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  get   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the version of the proxy settings .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transforms the message into a list of message objects .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generates a link to the given route .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a "similiarity ratio representing the similarity between two strings .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prints a list of tuples .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  display   print
truth:  testing   testing

test:  check if user is trusted .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  update   group
truth:  update   update

test:  solves a 1st order order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 u_2 = homogeneous .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  set up the livestreamer component .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  null   up
truth:  creates   null

test:  skip test if being run in the code .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  works   file
truth:  run   run

test:  a function that will check if http response is successful .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  null   null

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the conf_file modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds the users incrontab and import the package for this minion .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  get   get
truth:  package   package

test:  return the desired subnet of the before/after group .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new array with the given dtype and dtype .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  forces language .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  translated   returns

test:  harami pattern .
truth: advance block . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  block   block

test:  test event data .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   test

test:  wrap a set of modules .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  return   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  write the trunc_fasta_seqs: trunc_fasta_seqs: .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  output   output

test:  get the current program .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  have   null

test:  get a readme .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  sign an encrypted authentication signature .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  obj   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  returns a group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a list of source strings .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  load   yaml
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite cardinal interpolation interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  wrapper to call stdout and stderr .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  changes   runs
truth:  function   function

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates an a quota group cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns the planet for a complete image file .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the login class of the user .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  reload the cached localzone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain the version from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that 3 leaks function using a multiple of 0 .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  using   check
truth:  check   precision

test:  wrapper function that calls a method .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  translate a shell-like pattern to a shell-like pattern .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return true if 2 .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  event: ends the code and followed by ip .
truth: internal function . 
test:  exit   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read a string from the given file name and return the value .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  return   check
truth:  string   string

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  removes   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adapted version of urllib .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  constructs   version
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set a value to a variable in the make .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  set   seed
truth:  value   value

test:  raises an exception if the supplied string is too long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  validates   value
truth:  raises   null

test:  check that import tests are allowed and log .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  ensure that a specific block is present on the computenode .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  block   a

test:  split and put the container metadata from a container .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  set   metadata

test:  gram-schmidt-like decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   w

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of complex paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  iterate over all messages in a single python warning .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  set   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  export from a files to files .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  test   wrapper
truth:  export   export

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  apply a filter .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  select   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  compute and return compr .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   image
truth:  compute   image

test:  returns the rectified of an array along an axis .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess subprocess .
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  renders the rendered widget to the admin site .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  render   a

test:  private function to list contents of a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  convert bytes in bytes to human readable format .
truth: formats size . 
test:  represent   bytes
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats a date as the time until that date .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  return a list of the specified security group cli example: .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   quotas

test:  converts relative path expansion to template .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  saves   duplicate
truth:  -   -

test:  this function compiles the given string to a line number of words .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   google

test:  check whether unicode is properly formatted or not .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  list   attempt
truth:  if   null

test:  update a session session .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   handle
truth:  update   update

test:  list all available job layers cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tool with partial convolution slightly decomposition .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  link   text
truth:  null   regression

test:  allows the default main object from the command line .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  updates   add
truth:  nested   update

test:  set assignment cohorts for a given cohort .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  given   install
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns the product of a vector .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  null   a
truth:  check   check

test:  make an public certificates for use in configuring calls .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   get

test:  store media files and resource files .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  delete   data
truth:  store   store

test:  helper to approximate using thesubdbs .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  construct   helper
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  test installing a local setup .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  method to run a stream using the given stream .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  run   a
truth:  to   method

test:  split keyword arguments into multiple sub arrays .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  split   gap
truth:  split   a

test:  delete a security group from the name group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  resolve current possible possible application to an recursive node .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  requires   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write message and stdout to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  write   a
truth:  output   a

test:  redirect to the current page .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance title by name or instance id or instance id or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   vlm_media
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  merge two entries into a set of entries .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  return a qicon from a namespace by pyglet .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  return   name
truth:  resolve   a

test:  return unique file name for file .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  given a changelog .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  takes   null

test:  get vector3 path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  verifies that the named cron job is absent for the specified user .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  a generic helper to get a list of frame objects .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  return   regression
truth:  get   a

test:  print a message to stdout .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the list of details from the local device .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  get   details
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the command line .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the path to the profiler directory .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  filename   check
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  transform gcd by a constant over a ring in k[x] .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  transform   polynomial
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the openlabs script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such that each item in an iterable .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  a decorator that makes sure a function always returns a function .
truth: run some function . 
test:  func   return
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the reply_channel energy platform .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the native entry to python list .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get out what items are out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  search for default ddir .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   system

test:  list floating ip .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return the absolute version of path .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   path

test:  allow interfaces attached to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  add   masquerade
truth:  bind   bind

test:  make sure that the application .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  time   application
truth:  display   a

test:  delete the given task .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  requests   mark
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decorator that automatically adds access to the sessions from api .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  create   default
truth:  null   a

test:  removes the string remove from the file remove .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  save   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write statistics to a gcode file .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  file   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  returns the float of the given item .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  returns   kernel
truth:  sum   sum

test:  convert an entity file to a csv object .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  selected   convert
truth:  selected   null

test:  update the given properties on an allocated and update it .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   method
truth:  allocated   update

test:  ensure that a model is created from the datastore .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  store   helper
truth:  allocates   null

test:  write the checkpoint checkpoint to a cluster order by rgb8 .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  to   a
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a generator of pairs of maps for each entry in a timeseries .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  iterates   generator
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  jail declaring .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  null   =
truth:  return   a

test:  return an aws connection for the service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a consistency group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test using a simple lda .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the expression of the expression tree by a given expression .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  compute   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  helper to get all resources representing a given resource path to the mercurial device path .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   find

test:  test social plugin ordering .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   requires
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to set the arguments of a function to one of the three codes .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  null   proxy
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  compute the attenuation distances between x and labels .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  samples   compute
truth:  labels   labels

test:  validate that all pairs in dict to dict to check dict .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a new volume cache entry in the database .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  copies linear normal assumes x returns a function with boto3 .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write a double-precision bit integer .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  remove a cluster version .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the current local path to a local client .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  get   android
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the clickable of a and b .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  given   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs a python command in a given shell .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  write   null

test:  wrap dtypes of lists of data structures .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  function   validations
truth:  null   null

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a shell-like wrapper to the filesystem .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  generates   delete
truth:  generate   a

test:  imports an object based on a string in dotted notation .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  comapare two strings by english them using english method .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   null
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from a hosts file in a dictionary .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the scalar maximum number of tab to a block scalar .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  insert some volumes usage that have been updated .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  get   volumes
truth:  return   volumes

test:  run discovery entry in the given cache .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  clear   kludge
truth:  run   run

test:  estimate the indices of an array at the given device .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  computes   x
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a copy of the value that is not already url-encoded .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  escape the url so it can be placed or it in the filesystem .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  escape   url
truth:  return   return

test:  look for options in setup .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  associate the security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   null

test:  delete an item .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  format   user
truth:  exposes   null

test:  writes sample file .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  saves   script
truth:  applies   null

test:  parses the q function for a "get" function .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  parse   input
truth:  null   null

test:  set the value of a subnet name in which the user to set the system to live in .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test average specificity specificity .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  estimate beta ridge ridge .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  estimate   elements
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse hive-site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return common pathlist .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove wsgi intercept for a given host .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds a message with the info level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   attempts
truth:  adds   a

test:  return file logs by command .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  find   copy
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator for api methods .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this returns a dictionary of the length of the variable being used to set the harmonic variable .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  null   weights
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  takes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compile the given and install .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that value is true .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   optional

test:  a simple functions that returns an unification of a given mode .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  round   a
truth:  null   null

test:  converts integer into uint .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set subtitle video subtitles .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   new

test:  retrieve project .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  project   helper
truth:  projects   projects

test:  returns true if the filename matches any patterns of the given patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to amazon configservice :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  attempt to decode a unicode message .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  the restful certificates for a course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generating   start

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test that no scripts can be created with certain scripts .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  creates   download
truth:  test   test

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  format a bunch of text for a secedit type .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  text   build
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete a blob keys .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  resolves the base directory for a base class to base class .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   return

test:  simple release name .
truth: format sys . 
test:  return   return
truth:  format   sys

test:  instantiates an identity matrix to a given tensor .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  deleting aws channel .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  wrap   error
truth:  wrap   a

test:  compute the binary arrays of x and y .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  given   null

test:  check if a version is available for installation .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  check   versions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a dacl and return the directory of the device .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  create   permissions
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure a job is present in the value of a given option node .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach a total total points as a dict of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  some location of the image .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   image

test:  helper method to publish exploration and update its profiles .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  subscribe   update
truth:  null   null

test:  inverse of l .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  use   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  the kinetic function for creating the kinetic .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a python source file name .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  generates   filename
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the current app to io_loop .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a generic helper to search for a full section search .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  project   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns whether the given object is a unicode string or a unicode string .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns a list for a requests from netrc for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download information from a network device .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  downloads   summary
truth:  null   device

test:  coffee coffee .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  is   custom
truth:  reads   a

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of the temp .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if the named service is disabled according to boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an rpc object for use with the app identity api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  attempt to get default access key from script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  to   attempt

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of prime strings for construct a single vector of x .
truth: given data x . 
test:  compute   product
truth:  given   data

test:  returns the pid for a container .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return information about the top data .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  get   get
truth:  run   run

test:  sort command using the given options .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  command   command
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  call this function as a signal for the everything .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  disconnect   msg
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  backup the backup file to make it possible .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  given   null
truth:  figure   figure

test:  initialize the south object .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  initialize   version
truth:  initialize   null

test:  invoke a remote host with the given deferred and abort .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  converts a row of json and a json row and optionally field .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  creates   data
truth:  convert   json

test:  create a worker .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  wrap   path
truth:  create   create

test:  print a list of baremetal nodes for a baremetal baremetal baremetal data .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   view
truth:  print   print

test:  returns a url string for the given key .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   encode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for demo templates in a "compute" engine .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the absolute deviation of the gamma of an axis .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  catches the ccx courses to send to a course .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  null   summary
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the inverse of the inverse transform .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function that returns unicode string .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  make   unicode
truth:  call   str

test:  set the main entry of the main script to the css file .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  to   syntax
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes the *destty* temperature between 4 decomposition of trunc_fasta_seqs: .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  encode   commit
truth:  defines   null

test:  returns true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  private function to make a color .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  create and returns a temporary file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns an sqlite3 tris object .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression arrow id .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  determines whether a given field can be used to query .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  save and restart an http plugin .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  restart   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  return osquery_registry information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  etc_services   return
truth:  return   return

test:  using the retrieve/query version of every service .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  list   name
truth:  set   set

test:  return the mask mask for a given writeme .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check for an expresion .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of the response that supports data' and the response .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function to build a new dataframe for content_type_id .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   a

test:  transform non-none text into lines .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  text   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   log
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid country number for a given region .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  check   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns true if the email is a semi-colon sentiment .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to make an event .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  register   event

test:  returns a list of all the widgets for all users .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  prepare our device and train train and train the bar 5 .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  get   wmt

test:  display an error page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  error   error
truth:  returns   returns

test:  internal helper to convert an arbitrary initializing to a nice target .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  null   sync
truth:  put   put

test:  return a edge graphs of an iterable .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return a string representing the current decimal number of decimal and locale .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list into a string of images .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  create an invariant for testing with a few type .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  function   create
truth:  create   a

test:  push the user to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  create a bunch of environment variables that should be used for the current request .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  to   print
truth:  dump   null

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   =
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces space character references to make comparing comparing scipy .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  null   i
truth:  null   part

test:  create a dictionary for a provider based on the composed of the composed system metadata .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  create   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  run the tarball .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  make   run
truth:  create   a

test:  create fill fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  get the number of hqe .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a query string into a dict .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   cloud
truth:  build   a

test:  set the load metadata bound for a given module .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  turning   a
truth:  set   set

test:  decorate a path to stdout .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  do   set
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  run one or more python interactive eyegaze .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  run   run
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  plot a symbolic estimate of the current ticklocs and a password .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  draw   data
truth:  plot   plot

test:  decorator to raise skiptest exception if mkl is true .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the salt probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns a base64 encoded encryption key .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  builds   customer

test:  clears caches from the current thread .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should not reads the values when debugger was used .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  return a random string of "length" characters .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that obj is acceptable to regular python test .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  assert   asserts
truth:  fail   null

test:  make sure func exists .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  to   retry
truth:  restart   a

test:  return a list of tests from a list of tests .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a class .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu deconv gradient with respect to weight using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete volume zone .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a string with bytes .
truth: some functions . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  run all the system tests on the master and prints them .
truth: main program . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   program

test:  jitter a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  test exponential matrix with non sparse matrix .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  return a small degree of nodes for nodes .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  generate   node

test:  load the us macro from the given string of partial data .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that the tax number is valid .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  file   use
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the tetrahedral graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the directory of the script or none if it doesnt exists .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test execute the delta .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  if   url

test:  checks if a given object is changed .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  replace   check
truth:  check   check

test:  compute an initial a*y of a given translation .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  compute   compute

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  emulates   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  determines if we can square k to find a node .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  this function converts a number of amazon amazon amazon amazon amazon python value types to a string .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  splits a title into a list of sub lists .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  convert pretty-printing .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create directory .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the organization .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  auxiliary function .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  documents   call
truth:  launch   a

test:  a context manager to get the collections with a given collection .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a csv csv file contains a valid csv .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  ensure   null

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for cloudstack configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  parses a token token separated by segments and segments it .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  create a new log file and add to the given root .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  create   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   null
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  validates a list of dictionaries .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validates   a

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  loads the item cache .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  load   item

test:  returns true/false whether the given package contains an atom .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  obtain the lock from the space-separated id .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  return the latest version of the latest page .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test if an object is a isproxy instance .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  get   a
truth:  indicates   null

test:  translate an application error to an app error .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  translate   translate

test:  imports and returns the class specified in the given class .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  returns   import
truth:  null   null

test:  wrap a function in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  do   call
truth:  run   a

test:  export stats for adding a simple statistics to an xml document .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  export   latex
truth:  stats   stats

test:  delete an imagemember image .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns json deserialized version of x .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  decodes   json
truth:  null   decoder

test:  convert a value that is a string into a dict .
truth: get opt . 
test:  convert   behave
truth:  get   opt

test:  ensure that the given disinherit is present on the computenode object .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  create   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert a number to a string .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  updates the task .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  create new ip address access to the ie api .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  handle   view
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check that the log translations is supported .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  check   -
truth:  -   -

test:  rq a worker .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  initialize   calls
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  return relative path relative to a relative module .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  return   path
truth:  code   code

test:  return the mirror name for a volume .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  polygon   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  raises an array .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  check   check

test:  ensure getfacl & setfacl exist .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  if   load
truth:  load   load

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  recalculate   scores
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a change to a list of character strings .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a function so we can want to use the service .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  build an offset from a datetime or a timedelta object .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if this xblock has limited to the specified xblock keys .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of file names and a filename .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  return   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  updates the dmg makefile .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   callback
truth:  update   update

test:  return a list of all lsmod and their lsmod .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   n
truth:  return   a

test:  create vbd and vbd from vm and vbd when vbd is created .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  identify the origin format from the given data using the loaded loaded .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  returns   validate
truth:  loop   loop

test:  given a page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the figures to network associations .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  counts the number of characters in a string .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  kill a process by sending it to the given pid .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a mapping of mapping file to a dictionary with optional optional values .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  return true if the given object is a markdown string .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a cluster options for a given cluster .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  return   source
truth:  obtain   a

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  checks if there are unrendered errors in an arbitrary field .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  register a function to be called when the policy is uniquely uniquely action .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  register   handler

test:  return true if i can be a list of ints .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address belongs to link-local multicast address space .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates a response for an http client .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  constructs   request
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a string of random chars .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return a slice object for the given axis .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  get   registration
truth:  slice   slice

test:  adds the user to a url to an url .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  log   redirect
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  takes a batch of indices and returns a batch of occurred occurred .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  close   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function takes a list of tags from a list of tags or a single cluster .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  create   list
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  execute   run
truth:  null   interface

test:  return the base url for a url .
truth: for example . 
test:  url   try
truth:  null   example

test:  cause classpath .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using joined eager loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  return a list of all python modules .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  list   return
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure that os can os .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  test   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  launch the full log files .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  return   frequency
truth:  execute   a

test:  use source account to set all users in source field .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  get the twilio options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a dataset .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   return
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the container namespaces to the xpath expression .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  estimate the indexes for a process .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  update   null
truth:  get   row

test:  compute savgol filter .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  reduce   step
truth:  apply   a

test:  arrays arrays along the arrays .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  fix   timestamp
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  assemble the error messages to a given error .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  integrate   log
truth:  input   input

test:  return a link to a public api .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  url   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert protobuf image to a protobuf .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  convert   configure
truth:  function   function

