test:  reorder a suite into one of the limit of the given suite .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  reorders   compiles
truth:  reorders   suite

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  a convenient test .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  updates   pulls
truth:  updates   null

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  attach total_watchers voters to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   collects
truth:  attach   count

test:  adds the logged locales for each theme in the settings .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   solve
truth:  add   settings

test:  guess a autoescape template string based on a dict of crispy_forms_tags .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  turn   arrive
truth:  turn   escape

test:  convert a path to a list of filesystem path .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns the file path for the specified file .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  removes a rabbitmq policy from the user via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   stacking
truth:  get   grid

test:  get and write a skeinlayered file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  capture a screenshot image .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  finds a vcs tool in which to run a vcs order .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  request a problem to be rescored as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   distributed
truth:  request   problems

test:  redefine this fixture to change the init config from the config directory .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  redefine   unlinks
truth:  redefine   fixture

test:  decorator to restrict search_path to integer .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  function to get the date string for the '%i .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  copied   pulls
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  converts id into a beaker result for a recipe id to result in the given recipe .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the largest saturation of the graph .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  iterates   increase
truth:  iterates   nodes

test:  return the current user and group id cli example: .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  init   expand
truth:  init   permissions

test:  check if an extension declaration to a wsdl .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  set   located
truth:  set   method

test:  escape a byte string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  inner covariance matrix for white on simple variables parameters x : ndarray x : tuple a : ndarray .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  only succeed if the value contains the given value .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  find the indices with the indices of the left corner matching the tree .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   restrict
truth:  finds   array

test:  disconnect the database from a connection .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  disconnect   trivial
truth:  disconnect   connection

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  fix the given html with certain content .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  fix   preload
truth:  fix   content

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  construct a query string .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   results
truth:  split   keywords

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  pulls   relies
truth:  pulls   logic

test:  generate a random file url for a file .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  given a request .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  convert   populates
truth:  convert   params

test:  get styled rounded rounded for doc root_helper .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  input an estimator on a single subset of a given subset .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  swaps the number of perticular items between two individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  composes the first element in x .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  returns the date of an object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  multiply two elements of gf with step .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  given a list or patterns this function follows .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  build   shared
truth:  build   string

test:  add command line arguments to the command line .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   tracing
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task time slot slot slot page .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  start   mount
truth:  start   task

test:  gets the number of sequences that can be used to unpack a single bootstrap sample from a variable .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  yields   declared
truth:  yields   samples

test:  returns a list of messageids from which have matplotlib set of web manager .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  helper function to retrieve config value from request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  retrieves   listen
truth:  retrieves   key

test:  define a performance options for command line .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  defines   cause
truth:  defines   option

test:  get the network device .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   ayoung
truth:  check   base

test:  list servers servers servers servers servers backend haproxy backend socket haproxy stats socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  list   fold
truth:  list   backend

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   overlay
truth:  replace   func

test:  visit all python files and return a list of .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  go   crop
truth:  go   directory

test:  return a list of all files from a file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  swap the case of the matched text file .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  swap   turn
truth:  swap   case

test:  this function computes a unattended system of the system .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  recover a user .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  compute norm of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  returns the nth csr/csc between the values lie and the values of the right value .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  correlation   associate
truth:  correlation   expressions

test:  get all backups belonging to a volume .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  press the keyboard button for muting volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   follows
truth:  press   button

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   reuse
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  returns the string representing a lambda function for a predicate .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  test that the monit will be listed and that we can either a status message .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  sample two matrices by cosine functions .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  compute   save
truth:  compute   euclidean

test:  same as left .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  given   leaves
truth:  given   dictionaries

test:  take the cached value passed .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  flips the sequence in a sequence .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  outputs the value from a source file .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  shuts   deallocate
truth:  shuts   worker

test:  helper for has anything to make a single module api .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  return the class name of a namespace or a namespace .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  simplified   extract
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shut down the system delay : int the system delay time in seconds before the system will be listed .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   directed
truth:  shutdown   delay

test:  recursively sort a list of all elements of elements .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  sort   eliminates
truth:  sort   elements

test:  yaml: openshift-creator performs the equivalent of an oc create command invocation; this build step takes in the provided json or yaml text .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  setup sidebar .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  enable   enhance
truth:  enable   items

test:  generate a password from the alphabet for a bytestring .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  return one of the absolute path and the associated path .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   hits
truth:  enable   filter

test:  a handler for dump_fn .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  download the specified file from the proxy .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  sets the global indentation level .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  find a site-packages python site-packages based on the python path .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns true if slug is a float .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  set a value in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  find a function and dictionary arguments a function receives a single argument .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   format
truth:  find   parameter

test:  create a security group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  helper function to walk a complex list of enum .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  turn   sparks
truth:  turn   number

test:  fail if the object is none and if those that contains paulimatrices .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  convert set *obj* to a python set state object .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  convert   grab
truth:  convert   val

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  return a dominating set of the graph g .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  finds   lstrip
truth:  finds   set

test:  remove the small objects from a list of objects .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   tsv
truth:  remove   components

test:  returns the redirect url for the given course .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  disable termination protection on a term .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  extract the lexer/parser modules that a file and add the location to the global namespace .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  set an individual window for windows window .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  given a partition and a partition .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  create   reveal
truth:  create   sequence

test:  get a list of __doc__ addresses that have the attribute name .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  get the letter coordinate of the fragments .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  moving a list of hadoop and output the hadoop output to the provided file .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  expected assignment_params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  creates and returns a form .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  convert a file path to a folder if it doesnt already exist .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  determine   wanted
truth:  determine   filename

test:  remove all hosts for a given resource .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  delete   registering
truth:  delete   views

test:  check whether port is a port .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  returns a list of paths from the edmonds-karp of the graph g .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  find   scans
truth:  find   pairs

test:  reads in the given record .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  performs a document in-place nicely .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  replace   emits
truth:  replace   definition

test:  takes a list of path paths and returns the complete output paths .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  get service information about tenant .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  enqueue a new background jobs .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given an email address .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  look   allocate
truth:  look   user

test:  return the qualifier font object .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  show legend for leg .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  function   meet
truth:  function   legend

test:  replace the standard time to sleep .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  replace   support
truth:  replace   time

test:  print a list of all the documents in a list of documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   decreases
truth:  print   documents

test:  print a list of modules to a list of modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  header   converted
truth:  header   block

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the length .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  load a pickle file from the cloud module .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  update an namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  add to or create a new variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  strip latex formatting of the string .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  remove   move
truth:  remove   latex

test:  display name based on index of a line parameters index : mapping .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  display   emitting
truth:  display   character

test:  sets the latest version of the today .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  returns hardcoded of the diversity power of the month in rater with generalized hypot .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  print an error handler for each error in the body passed .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  checks   capturing
truth:  checks   error

test:  compatibility wrapper for executable .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  the default prefix for known use .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  generates and returns a group title in a group .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  get a dictionary for open a failure .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  traverse   crop
truth:  traverse   directory

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the lists of all dependencies of the given compiler .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  compute   coupling
truth:  compute   target

test:  check if an exploration exploration is valid and can be valid .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within groups quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  return task info .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  get   mount
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   registering
truth:  return   views

test:  this method is used to convert a message to a str .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  returns a node ports in the graph that are of a node .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  get equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   looping
truth:  destroy   node

test:  pack a stream of o and return data .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  override and setup all string default config fixture .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  override   deflate
truth:  override   config

test:  convenience function for getting a build for a given server_url .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  test uninstalling an editable package from a svn .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  simple sequences for patterns that are very simple patterns .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  pulls   config
truth:  pulls   patterns

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  delete packages which were automatically installed as dependencies of the package in the given path .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  displays   downloading
truth:  displays   package

test:  wrap theta in "name" .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  sync engines modules from salt://_queues to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   pulls
truth:  sync   null

test:  wrap custom traceback with traceback .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  pulls   skipped
truth:  pulls   use

test:  deserialize an email address from a sending transform .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  view   port
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns a path to the given object for an object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   controlled
truth:  returns   identifier

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  check if the type is a type or a type string .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  creates a database .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validate failure of systemfunction005 .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  convert list of indices .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  returns current language of the most recent language .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  override   base64encodes
truth:  override   djangos

test:  removes duplicate files from device .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  iterate   sleep
truth:  iterate   files

test:  the method is a decorator that gets called while it is called or the perfectly argument .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the network config or list of hosts .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live execute a screenshot build step .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  pulls   reorders
truth:  pulls   screenshot

test:  escape & .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  insert   flashes
truth:  insert   characters

test:  custom method to pickle a function that has the custom build as the real string .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  helper function to get a usable specification from the given value .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  generates a random ascii name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return a string based on a canonical list of python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  build 14 and raw functions .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  returns each item of the ca ca items from the given ca .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  determines whether a given url is configured with a given operator .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  serializes a value to json .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  serializes   aliased
truth:  serializes   json

test:  build a show for show images in a show .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  build   eliminating
truth:  build   cache

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  wait for the function to become dictionary; .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   reported
truth:  wait   function

test:  generate usage: urls for each of the xmodule page .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  a fake step that suppresses the message to a specific email .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  break   equalize
truth:  break   email

test:  creates all templates for the given host and all timed templates .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   reflect
truth:  build   testcase

test:  read graph in p2 format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   translated
truth:  read   g

test:  returns the coleman-li .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  casts   transliterate
truth:  casts   variable

test:  context manager to temporarily setting the given output groups .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a network acl .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  replaces   inform
truth:  replaces   entry

test:  table colorless output with colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  given a issue instance .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  returns   subclass

test:  create a translated revision for the given document .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  return   capitalizes
truth:  return   revision

test:  migrate admission plugin args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with an existing facts .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   identifies
truth:  apply   plugin

test:  test that "page" .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  converts the value of seconds to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   exchanges
truth:  register   capabilities

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  mutation that pops or update the value from the *individual* *individual* .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  adds   urlencode
truth:  adds   item

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  returns the reduced groebner basis for a given set of polynomials in a string .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert non-central vector into vector analysis .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return dict where the line is a line string or an optional line string is found in the dictionary .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  take   tend
truth:  take   chunk

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  checks if a given user is the given content type .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test url only allow none on restarting .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  test   point
truth:  test   status

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  this method is called only a calendar l{int} in a list of a calendar .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  persists   inserting
truth:  persists   calendar

test:  check for application id and return a dict with information about an exception .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  determine   storing
truth:  determine   template

test:  safely remove the tar file at path .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  displays netstat and status information about the local node in the system .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns the list of the document in the given document .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  returns   accepting
truth:  returns   e

test:  stop query parameters and add parameters to database .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  each row of arrays to the list of arrays .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  generate a list of tags from a text .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  remove files of the destination .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  get sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   inputhook
truth:  get   sys

test:  convert a binary array into an int .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create and return contents from a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  return a template to operate mapping .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  writes a callback to a given option .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse a string in supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  writes a value to the given continuous value .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the rendered unicast for a given request .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  respond   assign
truth:  respond   requests

test:  get the device name of an object .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns the lower case at a in a passed sequence .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   confirmed
truth:  check   length

test:  get the featured featured rotation tags .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  retrieve   file
truth:  retrieve   rotation

test:  create a finite random variable representing a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  projects projects .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  list   determine
truth:  list   projects

test:  users limits for zen mode .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  identity fnc .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  returns   utf-8
truth:  returns   argument

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  resolve a function to the rbenvs .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a file into an ascii string .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   define
truth:  encode   path

test:  zoom in and out of a single image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  zoom   pulls
truth:  zoom   null

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   restoring
truth:  set   data

test:  validate that response headers is a http response .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get a list of raw unit changes .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  load a collection .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  this function returns a list of itertools of the given ref .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the wrong image is keypoints .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a dataset for provisioning use by the given project .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  add   inhibit
truth:  add   label

test:  compact iterator of cantor-zassenhaus: .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  load the given directory from a file .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload the non-sqlite changes .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  pulls   process_memory_map
truth:  pulls   buffers

test:  return the first item in a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  tests that the random value generated by a time the supplied methods .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   currents
truth:  test   state

test:  find all package *name* files in the given package .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  return the used to use .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   execute
truth:  return   region

test:  load little-endian 32-bit integer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   standardizes
truth:  load   byte

test:  compute a set of widths statistics for a given series .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   stopped
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   labeled
truth:  moves   file

test:  analyze movie file and analyze the movie .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  run   knapsack
truth:  run   request

test:  helper function for via dynamic .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  executes   reported
truth:  executes   function

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  unsubscribe watching a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  stop   target_expressing
truth:  stop   question

test:  set the sql connection for a node .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  find   allocate
truth:  find   user

test:  restart all nodes in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   prettify
truth:  restart   process

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   wants
truth:  read   parts

test:  always return true .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  is   files
truth:  is   check

test:  commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  perform a function over hold .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  resets the permissions in the given instance .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   controls
truth:  ensure   ids

test:  checks access to the admin site cannot access the admin site .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  tests   generate
truth:  tests   users

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  parses iso 8601 time string to a datetime object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  compute shortest path of the shortest path .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can steps as steps .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  convert various collection options to integer .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  get   offset
truth:  get   parameters

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  splits a sortable version string into a tuple .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  convert roman numeral to integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return x: no detrending .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create rendered courses .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  receives   pulls
truth:  receives   null

test:  convert host to hex buffer with the appropriate family .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  convert   preloading
truth:  convert   host

test:  return three object as a string .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  return   modifies
truth:  return   cmd

test:  deprecated use @maintain .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all configured floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetch   switch
truth:  fetch   list

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   enroll
truth:  makes   iterator

test:  execute a binary command with the full manager returns a list of binary characters of binary manager .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  mock a new project .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   forgot
truth:  add   project

test:  check if the configuration file is present .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  drop the inset throught .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  convert a system package name to a module name .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   accepting
truth:  convert   e

test:  load the contract test runner and : if you want to delete the current head .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   sleep
truth:  update   files

test:  return sass directories that are pulled in the extra system .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   stats
truth:  return   dirs

test:  merge the lines of a line in the file .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  loads the given path and returns the corresponding route .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return the currently derive with key role .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  computes   listen
truth:  computes   key

test:  formats an otu map file into a sparse and the correct prefix .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  this page os installation and saves edits to an editable .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  is   bring
truth:  is   page

test:  return a list of file names for which a file is searched for a directory .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  import a dotted module path and return the attribute/class designated by the last name in the path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  takes   define
truth:  takes   path

test:  return a crc32 checksum of a file .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  install a capability using dism args: capability: the capability to install source : the capability of the capability to install source : false if true .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   protects
truth:  install   args

test:  flip an image vertically .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   forwards
truth:  flip   image

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  given a volume name .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for all packages options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  search for all the python related files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   flip
truth:  search   python

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside cfrunloop .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  schedule   signs
truth:  schedule   display

test:  determine the url for the block that was requested to dom .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  obtains   prompt
truth:  obtains   locator

test:  return true if we are made in a sockets .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  return disk usage statistics about the given path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return the known containers .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_list .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to a numpy matrix .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   integrating
truth:  convert   scipy

test:  builds the clonespec config spec .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  returns   simulate
truth:  returns   spec

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  preface the carving of a gcode file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  recursively include the supplied xblock modified .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  detects syntax in the document .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   supports
truth:  detects   text

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user member is logged in and is logged in staff .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  attempts to wanted a complex matrix that implements the prime prime .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  solves   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  solves   problem

test:  returns the number of module in the given string .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  fetch   sparks
truth:  fetch   number

test:  fixture providing a commanddispatcher registry for win_id registry .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  fixture   routing
truth:  fixture   registry

test:  get all objs that have been objs .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  query   managed
truth:  query   bokeh

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  removes   aligns
truth:  removes   volume

test:  test that the elemwise of a theano tensor replaces a single elemwise point .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  download a check to the api .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  is   spawns
truth:  is   endpoint

test:  checks to see if the file is a symlink .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  function   labeled
truth:  function   file

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   sluggified
truth:  return   center

test:  assign a lhs operator to a number of dimensions .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  adds elements of the matrices with variable .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  prints the filenames of a given quota .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  average directional movement index rating .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  flow   regressiont
truth:  flow   index

test:  check if all the files in a given list .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   pulls
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture to return a valid context manager which this module is called to test the tests .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  pulls   resize
truth:  pulls   tls

test:  return the annotation for the given type .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  given a dataset .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   reallocation
truth:  split   collection

test:  get all networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   preprocess
truth:  return   networks

test:  check if a link is an link .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  flatten a list of lists of lists of lists .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  takes   constant_expression_opt
truth:  takes   iterables

test:  setup the mqtt component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  initialize   msg
truth:  initialize   component

test:  overwriting the cmd python module makes debugging modules with pdb a bit harder so lets do it this way instead .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  rename   aliased
truth:  rename   json

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   small_stmts
truth:  scan   line

test:  test channel-picking epoched from epochs .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   specifies
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday <user> -- returns the add: string of all <query> .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  simple tiecorrect test .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  tie   invoked
truth:  tie   factor

test:  scan the status of a certain engine .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  returns   demos
truth:  returns   scan

test:  unserialize to support safe sessions .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   simulating
truth:  text   input

test:  returns: the absolute version of a path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  create an identity hash for a given identity .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  return the resource of the node pairs of all node pairs in ebunch .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   regressiont
truth:  compute   index

test:  convenience function to repeat and call timer method .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   avoid
truth:  function   timer

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled pattern .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  vanilla test for find rows with computation statistics .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  search for comparison of two objects .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compares   exposes
truth:  compares   values

test:  return the currently active plugin configuration .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  obtain   encapsulate
truth:  obtain   instance

test:  calculate the system state of the application .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  determine   loads
truth:  determine   changes

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  apply   enhance
truth:  apply   items

test:  use words to matchmark .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  create a csv string with the given fields and return it .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  given   flow
truth:  given   fields

test:  a function for the display title .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  displays   publish
truth:  displays   graph

test:  check if a group exists in the group .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  has   allocate
truth:  has   user

test:  manage snmp traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   format_alignment
truth:  manage   authentication

test:  make sample table where each sample has an element .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   bounds
truth:  make   table

test:  computes a list of compatible workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  displays   pulls
truth:  displays   null

test:  parses a class and returns the class .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  create a docker image for a given instance .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  simple function to get settings for requests .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  compute the distane .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  prepare 32 dpi onto a single channel .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  subscribes configured configured projects .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  filter   seek
truth:  filter   subscriptions

test:  create a public stream for the given violation .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  spawn   takes
truth:  spawn   stream

test:  web view .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  pulls   chop
truth:  pulls   owner

test:  add a password to the postgres server name .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  verify that a discrete matches the correct axis .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  check   interfacing
truth:  check   axes

test:  kill all the jobs that are present in the jobs .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  this view is blank with an api call .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  wait for a node to become a test with a setup .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  fire   rescales
truth:  fire   event

test:  returns the first width of the tokens that correspond to the given width .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  pulls   stop
truth:  pulls   dots

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if flags are present and correct version .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  check   switch
truth:  check   list

test:  computes the average gaussian loss .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  weighted   negotiate
truth:  weighted   loss

test:  only work on systemd that doesnt exist .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  determine if a certain module is valid or not .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get a string representation of a resource .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  evaluates   shared
truth:  evaluates   string

test:  get and add an indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  deletes items from the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  deletes   enhance
truth:  deletes   items

test:  creates a colors_rgb tag .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  add a rule to the given name the name of the rule for mssql .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  try to produce a nodestate string .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  returns true if given stream is valid json .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  translates the required name to the cinder intact .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  patch python 2 .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  deprecated   dumping
truth:  deprecated   patch

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  pulls   int
truth:  pulls   match

test:  issues http proxy settings .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  invalidate a hash for changes in a suffix_dir .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   orthoganlize
truth:  invalidates   hash

test:  update the glance metadata from a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  extract common input along the given inject inject inject into a matrix .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  generates and stores a collection type .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  compute the zero loss from zero or quality classes to the individual note: this implementation is the zero or task? the zero in the :ref:user format .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  exists string config .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  helper decorator to get the logging argument list .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  extract   format
truth:  extract   parameter

test:  add a country which contains a country index in the database .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  save token .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  stores   iterate
truth:  stores   auth

test:  return list of all enabled mode .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  returns   created
truth:  returns   mode

test:  parse the response for a dict .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  given   install
truth:  given   response

test:  create a generic text block function .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual match .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the description of a given path .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  creates a canonical form of the canonical files that can be used to serialize the given fields with a valid hue value of each line .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a sum to a buffer of 2sigma database .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  converts   canonicalized
truth:  converts   posix

test:  make sure symbols can produce symbols .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   associate
truth:  make   expressions

test:  setup a matplotlib axes with a simple axes .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  pulls   pull
truth:  pulls   one

test:  load saved playlist .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  get a resource name .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  return true if filename is a framework containing a framework set .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  modify the network .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  prepend   emits
truth:  prepend   definition

test:  return the string in the configuration of a given observer .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  get   launch
truth:  get   coordinates

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of all the targets that depend on at least one of the targets containing the files supplied as input to analyzer .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   insert
truth:  returns   targets

test:  execute the action on the master cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   decrease
truth:  execute   action

test:  gets the list of projects from the output .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  transform a list of ntuple into a cpu ntuple .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a pseudo-randomly byte string of length a given ipv6 address in length .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  returns a dict of old license titles .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  quote an argument for use in a url .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  delete association requests .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   files
truth:  delete   check

test:  checks the response of rediss gle .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  compile a table axis and a pandas table .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  function   insure
truth:  function   dataframe

test:  test a metaclass for regression test the metaclass test context .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create a new external id for the given domain .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  sets the process name .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   port
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of longer-running jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  test   request
truth:  test   control

test:  authentication form .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transforms the sympy tensor into a vector .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  collect docker-compose to find-links in beacon .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   raising
truth:  create   docker

test:  calls the given list of functions .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  reset   -
truth:  reset   mocks

test:  searches for the directory where a given file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  returns true if the assigned to the release has been set .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  use this module with some legacy errors that are being built by the versions of the galaxy .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  uses   induce
truth:  uses   testing

test:  create a new folder inside the given filesystem .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  chain test for the estimate of each sample in the sample cdfvals .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  vectorized   pulls
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  instantiate a resource type .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  return   stops
truth:  return   topic

test:  check that the source sorting are inside some fro .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  multi-dimensional multi-dimensional position of length slices into multiple registration slices in elements at a time .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  pulls   store
truth:  pulls   memory

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  writeestr rules against a resource file .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  check for differences between same data and dicts as the string .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  asserts   svn
truth:  asserts   dicts

test:  normalize univariate norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  iterate over all lines in path .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  yields   compares
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   center
truth:  get   ec2

test:  attach an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  register   initialized
truth:  register   notification

test:  list all users within the organization .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  return an absolute url for the href .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  make   saves
truth:  make   links

test:  return a dict of the form of the file handle .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  call a remote method .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  checks if a string is a valid bool string or a comment entry .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  convert a string into a numeric .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  returns   part

test:  exception thrown by removing an exception from the exc_info type .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  dumps   shed
truth:  dumps   exception

test:  return true if linux .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   supports
truth:  decrypts   text

test:  calculate the sample from the sample at c time .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  returns true if these link should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  configure the twisted reactor .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  start   popen
truth:  start   reactor

test:  determine if the given node is an available environment .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  helper for class that tries to be used to convert enum member .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read a file or a pickle file .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  setup logging .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  trims whitespace in a text .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  computes the normalized elemwise moment of the prime prime with respect to n .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  updates the locate database cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sends a notification event on a topic .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  sends   rescales
truth:  sends   event

test:  create a new triggerdb model type in the db given trigger_type definition as a dictionary .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  single knowledge view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  converts a file name to a directory name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  return the n-th di nodes .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if tool is an eliminate .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  determine   dotted
truth:  determine   relationship

test:  this should be the python sort auto content to the database .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  display   sleep
truth:  display   files

test:  performs a get request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  create a mock that just does not exist .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  test that the listall index matches the provided index .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  updates the current '< cli example: .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  show   embedded
truth:  show   example

test:  check to see if a device already exists in zenoss .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  submit user barcodes .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submits   lstrip
truth:  submits   set

test:  difference a non artifact from database .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  retrieves   responds
truth:  retrieves   database

test:  returns the value corresponding to a instance label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the tag matching the api .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  creates   shortens
truth:  creates   classes

test:  return the attribute of the ast from an decorator[ .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  pulls   parameter_type_list_opt
truth:  pulls   decorators

test:  handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a field .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  handle   compounded
truth:  handle   gcd

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  take   labeled
truth:  take   file

test:  get all group types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  vectorized transpose on a diagonal operator .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  transposes   looking
truth:  transposes   operator

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  save dict .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  solve a continuous random variable .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  see   overlay
truth:  see   func

test:  marks a value as already addressable a given type constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  return   constrain
truth:  return   attribute

test:  return the name of the failure with the given name .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  convert   represent
truth:  convert   failure

test:  catches app engine api .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return the discrete distribution function of x and copytobuffer values .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  decorator which exempts the function or method as a function .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  open an encoded filename .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  returns the join from the wsgi environment and the input length as a tuple .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  strip a list of files from a list of tostrip .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  instantiate an adapter for a given host and port .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  provides   located
truth:  provides   method

test:  get new date in the buffer .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   windows

test:  runs all available plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  run   interpolated
truth:  run   plugins

test:  returns a file path expansion .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  expand   hanging
truth:  expand   variables

test:  returns a list of categories metadata if it is cached else the course .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  build a list of paths and return a __pycache__ template build .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  returns an object as a dictionary of the object .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  make   executed
truth:  make   dictionary

test:  returns a group topic message page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   r^2
truth:  returns   form

test:  call this with an object holding a textual page .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  outputs   pulls
truth:  outputs   null

test:  read raw data .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a callback to the target table .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  register   loads
truth:  register   changes

test:  like those on the system .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns the default currency url .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  use   pending
truth:  use   default

test:  return the status of a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  close multiple notifiers .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  callback   discover
truth:  callback   closing

test:  return the status of a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  get list of available layout .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  connect   signs
truth:  connect   display

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object copy: true will enable the dacl to the dacl .
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  severity severity and return a numpy dn .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  decorator to make sure that argument is running .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  inspect docinfo metadata .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  inspect   post_save
truth:  inspect   metadata

test:  get a list of pool that a particular add-on .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  fix when various tests are able to be able .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  for a password change notification email for a password change .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   equalize
truth:  queues   email

test:  parse a equivalence string and return a python object .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   bump
truth:  parse   definitions

test:  assert that the gp_generation parameters properly .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  catches the path to an application server .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the filename of the cache for bucket contents .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  returns the string - used by the current axes .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  multiply   tell
truth:  multiply   signature

test:  create upload url for post form .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  create   escaped
truth:  create   post

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  ensures   define
truth:  ensures   path

test:  will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits sucessfully .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   childnodes
truth:  update   timestamp

test:  copy descriptor to a descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   killed
truth:  adds   network

test:  add a task status .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   inverts
truth:  update   statuses

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  return the cumulative distribution of the elements in x .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  return true if t104: is a lucas parameters lucas : bool if its prp .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  returns true if the current desktop is running in the current desktop .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  detect   pulls
truth:  detect   null

test:  creates a url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  efficiently compute vertex field .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   flattening
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http basic auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  return a list of all files on the master .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  search   unquoting
truth:  search   environment

test:  return the contents of a url .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  generate   wants
truth:  generate   parts

test:  parse the packages using the liftover command .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  give a list of page where the user can get the current page has all the caching .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   outputs
truth:  give   pages

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  sets the snapshot of the db .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  decorator that checks if the given handler can be a elasticsearch template .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add a list of features .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  add   handle
truth:  add   features

test:  tests that the in-db store to exist .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  bytes   extract
truth:  bytes   version

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   launching
truth:  paste   pipeline

test:  test %%prun with ipython special special special special special special special special special special special special line .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  a helper for defining float strings .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  pulls   making
truth:  pulls   float

test:  write a gpio to a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   bench
truth:  write   value

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  pulls   hold
truth:  pulls   oserror

test:  fixes validation code referenced by their constituent code .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  an invalid disconnect with a invalid invalid timer .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  test   skips
truth:  test   connections

test:  load a file from a cache .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  returns true if the contents of the given gzip .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the segment is intersecting inside the segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  convert a timestamp into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  send notification to a newly environment .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  generate the python ssh key for a given request .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  return webapp app app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  determine a list of all visible namespace .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  allows a user to follows active fields from keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  extract mac devices from name .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parse   scheduled
truth:  parse   hub

test:  constructs and returns an contents of a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  decorator to produce a function or a test case .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  calculate the gjr virtual machine alpha .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return true if val is enabled .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  use in database to fix case case .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the items of a given ostypes .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   autoreleased
truth:  list   types

test:  checks that condition is true if the given condition is not equal to the filter .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   dictionary
truth:  check   condition

test:  get a list of length or the loop without going .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  guess the first argument of the nonoption library .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  given   rectify
truth:  given   parser

test:  return true if code is likely to build the rpm code .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  detects   batch
truth:  detects   code

test:  parses a time string entry into a tree .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   inform
truth:  parses   entry

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  always predict .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  return the leading monomial of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  return the flag argument with the value from argument .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  attach http response tool to namespace .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  attach   defines
truth:  attach   attributes

test:  gzip the gzip file with data .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  return owner_ids .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  time scaling of the divide representation of a sound stocenv: hfreq .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  reads and returns a contents of the specified cache file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  a category structure .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  merge extra dictionaries .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  remove the task for a task .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   polishing
truth:  removes   celery

test:  move all known tokens by the fltk to its ciphers .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  tear   identifies
truth:  tear   plugin

test:  get all the entire node of a node .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  create a new image file with cid .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  returns the chordal graph of the chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  remove a value from makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  returns the tensorflow expression of cross-entropy of two distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  computes   feed
truth:  computes   entropy

test:  convert a constant term in a constant matrix .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  multiply   looking
truth:  multiply   operator

test:  read a filename from plotly .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  retrieve   batch
truth:  retrieve   code

test:  context manager that asserts that the crypto module is errors in the context .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   ssl
truth:  context   errors

test:  convert a zero indexed row and column cell reference to a dictionary .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  reset git to a git repository .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  resets   authenticates
truth:  resets   working

test:  dipole potential potential .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  pulls   partitioning
truth:  pulls   v

test:  test app running .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the first field in a list of field tuples .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  finds   flattening
truth:  finds   field

test:  returns unity data for the given data .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  returns   mutate
truth:  returns   column

test:  takes a ip_ports string and returns the corresponding formatting number for the given carrier number .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  converts string to array .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  returns the configuration of the users on the device cli example: .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  pulls   loads
truth:  pulls   changes

test:  build the human readable site organisation .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  configure   cut
truth:  configure   tab

test:  get the current idle delay .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  return   directed
truth:  return   delay

test:  handle lists/arrays of integers/bools as two individuals .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  apply   colored
truth:  apply   operation

test:  the tuple_ of the summary of a given router .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  calculate   supports
truth:  calculate   text

test:  return the series expansion of the variable with each inverse of the partial value .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  a implementation of python shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  is   encapsulate
truth:  is   instance

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  extract   preload
truth:  extract   content

test:  task time slot slot slot page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  stop   mount
truth:  stop   task

test:  do the actual handler .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  add color of the given image .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  add a raw http request to the given http request key .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  generates   standardizes
truth:  generates   byte

test:  get service account for an account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  check if a user can view the given model .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return a fully qualified distance for a specific year .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  build   sanitizes
truth:  build   regex

test:  test the named broadcast .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  ensure   gzipped
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  constructs and stores the target to a call to the target api call .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse a string into a list of tokens .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   obfuscate
truth:  parse   tokens

test:  softmax linear unit # local t .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  helper to create certain union of a and b which are equal .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  does   relies
truth:  does   logic

test:  get the first two intersections in the other of the other .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  creates a new network .
truth: two branches . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a configuration file given a configuration .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return method to retrieve given the given object class .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  return x minus the new ndarray .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  subtract mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   categorize
truth:  return   read

test:  convert a string to a calendar .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   collects
truth:  parses   count

test:  leap year negative? integer to a year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  return   cie
truth:  return   predicate

test:  load the manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  update   inputhook
truth:  update   sys

test:  render a value to a non-localized .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  renders   escaped
truth:  renders   post

test:  list all the available state modules in an environment .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  this defined by the current process id and a new specific set to true if the defined .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test if num is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  test   reviewing
truth:  test   num

test:  get connection info in database .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  determines if a renewal needs to be upgraded by checking the sessions of a renewal window .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  gets a mnist .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   debugging
truth:  gets   dataset

test:  return the graph from bipartite graph g .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  raise assertionerror if f does not raise *exc* .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  determine   drops
truth:  determine   call

test:  return the number of nth primorial .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  same type as str .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  ensure   utf-8
truth:  ensure   argument

test:  test drawing circles without transform using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   vcs
truth:  test   reactive

test:  enable masquerade bound to zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  read tag and return content from a file in a string .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  normalize the dotted fields .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  normalizes   flow
truth:  normalizes   fields

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  extract all custom pairs in a dictionary that contains files matching the given directory .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  flatten   solve
truth:  flatten   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images with 0 .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  turn interactive mode off interactive python source files .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  turn   created
truth:  turn   mode

test:  internal routine for haddr .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  a simple test that the xmin function contains .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   deployed
truth:  test   symbols

test:  convert dns subject to subject .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  assemble   repeat
truth:  assemble   scaling

test:  find a mine of the mine of two biclusters .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  get the ground bearing plugins .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  remove content from database cli example: .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  delete   filtered
truth:  delete   marker

test:  calculates the knn .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   cover
truth:  calculate   weight

test:  list the packages currently installed packages .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  reboot the domain from the minion cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  parse the application .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   looking
truth:  parse   operator

test:  given a torrent directory .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  copy   crop
truth:  copy   directory

test:  splits string into a encodestring .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask a user prompt .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  return a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for univariate polynomials .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  estimate the random reduced field of a rslice .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  generate   sympy
truth:  generate   slice

test:  get the http context for the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return dns device names from lvm device cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  encode a pem string into a pem string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  encode   small_stmts
truth:  encode   line

test:  gets string for the current metric from the string .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  run a shell command and return the output .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  run   disconnecting
truth:  run   sudo

test:  verify that the count of mail count have different count .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  returns a suffix to a temporary file of the given handlers .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  transform a url string like android .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  write the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   reveal
truth:  pulls   sequence

test:  print out the item returned by userservice when thumbnail_debug is not a good one .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  displays   urlencode
truth:  displays   item

test:  get current human readable time string .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  given   support
truth:  given   time

test:  check if we want to skip this module .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  doji star .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  modified   printed
truth:  modified   pattern

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   lets
truth:  select   handler

test:  another wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  multiply a pair of f and g .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  convert all [x]html codons to string .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  generate   sums
truth:  generate   expression

test:  computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  get root directory based on timezone .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  restful controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  tries to wait for an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   equalize
truth:  load   email

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   randomise
truth:  sending   message

test:  return the virtual memory statistics as a namedtuple .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  create a list of receive formatters .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  build   parameter_list
truth:  build   formatter

test:  insert new pipeline into the data for the login pipeline parameters pipeline_tree: : array-like the new pipeline in the data specific to the root returns: a new pipeline .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  returns the tag for the node in the given kind .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  shorten the line of tokens into words .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  separate   looking
truth:  separate   operator

test:  helper function that returns a location .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  redirects   access
truth:  redirects   url

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  attempt to import a class by linux classes .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return the ec2 type to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  just returns false if any of the request was found .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  return a list of nothing .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   caused
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a specific ticket domain for this minion cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  hides an individual challenge to the response .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  sets an integer value against an integer value .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  allows   offset
truth:  allows   parameters

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  summarize   simplifying
truth:  summarize   range

test:  returns the notes to which the notes can be used by the given document or just .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  find   show
truth:  find   notes

test:  return all global-level defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  context manager which asserts that the backprop mode for the current thread .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  given a string mapping values to yes .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  computes   ban
truth:  computes   probability

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the check type of the check .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read a input from the user input and port .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  set a background header with the passed variable .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  running   assume
truth:  running   header

test:  get a list of server groups .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  gets   decide
truth:  gets   groups

test:  returns true if g is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   translated
truth:  returns   g

test:  fetch an icon for a given icon .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  take   attempt
truth:  take   extension

test:  group that deserializing related to the given stream group .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  stream   enhanced
truth:  stream   object

test:  remove all courses actions from a course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  removes   prettify
truth:  removes   process

test:  returns the url for a external outgoing url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  bounce   access
truth:  bounce   url

test:  this function returns the string with the given context .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  build finished .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  create   fail
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  get the list of docker certificates from a cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  open   unload
truth:  open   client

test:  parse an address string record for a connection .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  given   press
truth:  given   hostname

test:  given an email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  determine   equalize
truth:  determine   email

test:  loads the certificate from a buffer using the specified position .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   detect
truth:  create   positions

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  if the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  a widget is the value of the popup .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  returns a generator for paths that match an source file .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  get the full host variable name .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  returns the score values from the submissions submission .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  it can run only the specified current server .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   lambda
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   enhance
truth:  iterates   items

test:  decorator to skip test if condition is false .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  reverse   pickles
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove reserved polynomial and so that it knows the element in problem_set .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  ensure that we can actually be inserted inserted .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  helper method to write contents to disk .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  registers an image function .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  create an rrset with the specified text .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns a for each tensor if it is known .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  pulls   targeting
truth:  pulls   backends

test:  traverse the common errors in the paths .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  clones an existing virtual machine template .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  instantiates   stderr
truth:  instantiates   machine

test:  determine if the segment of the loops is in the loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  convert a string to a valid filename .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  get moto correctly formatted requests to all spot requests .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  build the default mute dictionary for markdown .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  list   allocate
truth:  list   user

test:  get the current desktop environment cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   mimics
truth:  get   activation

test:  return the strings of the form of flinalg ordering .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  return   crack
truth:  return   _

test:  construct the streamreader and streamreader prefix for callback types .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  were   suspend
truth:  were   closure

test:  return the static index page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  rule : minus rule | stmt .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate nodes in a graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   concatenates
truth:  generate   ordering

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  run the api addons .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  list the vms on the host cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  copies the files to a new directory .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clones   commit
truth:  clones   repository

test:  this is the commandline interface to the salt managed managed managed device cli example: .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  manage   knapsack
truth:  manage   request

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the softmax mean of p .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  return a unicode string of the given data .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  try   supports
truth:  try   text

test:  write out negative version information to identify specific git checkout .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  check   prioritized
truth:  check   messages

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convert doctest facts to exceptions .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  check that the order of the component" files are documented .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the negative value of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   express
truth:  computes   -

test:  sets the browser browser for the given course browser .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  returns true if the given socket is an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  check   delayed
truth:  check   ipv6

test:  parses a shape definition with the connected shape .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba error specifying the iba of the iba error .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the content for a given app_label and the first ip addresses .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determine if the name is a astroid .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  checks   looping
truth:  checks   node

test:  git backend should be able to install from sha .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  git   fold
truth:  git   backend

test:  for the given endpoint with the given name using the tenant .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return the dominating maximal set .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   pack
truth:  return   edge

test:  helper function to match xml entities in xml entities .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  computes the mosaic decomposition of the matrix .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  make   indicating
truth:  make   images

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  unquote -> string return a string that has the same character in the string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return a set containing all of the distributions that a local test is installed .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a random string for a baseline requirements .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  extract tokens from a source stream .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  pulls   alteration
truth:  pulls   lambda

test:  test that classification report with digits digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  return the first file in the given list of permutations n .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  retain media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  given a url string .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  modify a pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  create user .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  adds   generate
truth:  adds   users

test:  check word of sequence and surface qual output .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  tests   centers
truth:  tests   labels

test:  return a list of acceptable header based on the spec .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  saves an object to the location list .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  calculates a list of available items .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  convert a row into a simplefilter .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  test isolation tree in the left tree .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  pulls   retrieved
truth:  pulls   iteration

test:  cast a cython double complex to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  adds the route table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  replaces   bounds
truth:  replaces   table

test:  get memcache environment overrides dictionary to their logging items in the environment as an app .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a list of rabbitmq details of the / virtual host .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  return   enables
truth:  return   vhost

test:  validate process as an error .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  get host and update the path .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  checks   loads
truth:  checks   changes

test:  parses the latest visitors data from yesterdays and save it to new received data from yesterdays .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  test   target_expressing
truth:  test   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  configures the migration .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  executes   solve
truth:  executes   settings

test:  tries to check the data from a given package path .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs in hugs hugs types works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   teardown
truth:  tests   type

test:  load a batch of applet encoding .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  pulls   injects
truth:  pulls   utility

test:  parse a string in the format "app_label .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   importing
truth:  parse   pem

test:  output all database names in the database .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  make   present
truth:  make   role

test:  download through the latest artifacts for a given project .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   forced
truth:  download   artifacts

test:  given a task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  behaves   checkout
truth:  behaves   way

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  concatenate elements in parallel .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  join   increase
truth:  join   nodes

test:  generate a random domain for a given pid .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  creates a mock for the given instance and save it to the message .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  wsgi entry point .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  check that named vm is the ip addresses that we can be a vm machine .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  vms   squared
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity for nodes and v .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  returns   expanding
truth:  returns   connectivity

test:  initialize a new bootstrap signal .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of all support tree for a given terminal support .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  print a block of two instances of a block of time .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  build the users history .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  updates   remove
truth:  updates   history

test:  simplified module .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics about the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  remove duplicate files from linter .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  filter   ssl
truth:  filter   errors

test:  the inverse lookup voor boolean build .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  return all xfs dump cli example: .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  return true if all enabled enabled in the user is enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  creates a new tensor variable with empty dim dimensions parameters dim : writeme dtype : writeme return none .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  creates   transliterate
truth:  creates   variable

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add x output to outputs if there is a vertexes .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  reboot the system at boot time .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   grouping
truth:  reboot   system

test:  url endpoint for the corresponding dashboard requests .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  wrap the full database cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  shows   shutdown
truth:  shows   tables

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   del
truth:  raft   gcode

test:  returns the path to the python inc .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  authenticate only on the model .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  function   widen
truth:  function   frontend

test:  returns true if the node has a string .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   min_dist
truth:  add   collar

test:  computes spectral centroid of cyclic ordered by angle .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  generalized exponential correlation model .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  generalized   pushing
truth:  generalized   model

test:  output the json object describing a vm vm : string vm to be targeted type of vm if true key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example:
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  lookup   populating
truth:  lookup   info

test:  get the windows service .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  splits   define
truth:  splits   path

test:  parses a set of strings .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   skip
truth:  parses   difference

test:  returns a humanized request .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  return dict of http files for writing .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  this contains the closest matches the provided monocular .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  get   detect
truth:  get   positions

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  unescape   flashes
truth:  unescape   characters

test:  returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  check whether the folder has write to the supplied folder .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  check   suggest
truth:  check   folder

test:  quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains the i{flag} to run any argument in an application .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  this decorator converts a caller function into a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   reported
truth:  converts   function

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  run a patch .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  test that all none dont segfault .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sending now from pull requests .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  be   rebuilds
truth:  be   scheduler

test:  get an certificate from a space-separated fully qualified name .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get ancestor random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  returns a string representation of the supplied xblock_info to be used in the reset date .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  pack a net string into a net of the net .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password is present .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensures   terminate
truth:  ensures   password

test:  returns a list of path relative to basedir .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  sample   algorithm
truth:  sample   points

test:  delete the default keys .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  fetches and return value of any hr hr - a random statistic for calculating in terms .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  model   pulls
truth:  model   null

test:  test that get word from c can be used .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  run all packages via opkg upgrade returns a dictionary containing the changes: .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  close connection devices .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  clears   mark
truth:  clears   contexts

test:  test that the base redirect to the redirect status code .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns those multiproduct .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  generate a commit hash of the changes containing the source .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  generate the nudge feature matrix that may be used if direction are dropped and array_like the sequence .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  produces   pulls
truth:  produces   null

test:  return a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a list of fields .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  starting   lambda
truth:  starting   django

test:  evaluate gaussian cauchy .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  generates   contructs
truth:  generates   sample

test:  get all students for a course with a given same comment .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  returns   saml_artifact
truth:  returns   students

test:  converts obj to its proper sql version string .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  takes a string representing a valid list of tokens or a string .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   were
truth:  get   property

test:  validates that value is an instance of basestring or validates .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  returns a row of all the row except for a dict .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  pulls   domain
truth:  pulls   fetch

test:  retrieve a blob from the blob_key .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  template   solve
truth:  template   settings

test:  calculates the ith rectangle for x .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   switch
truth:  calculate   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  evaluate   sums
truth:  evaluate   expression

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   pulls
truth:  pack   null

test:  set discussions and configure cohorts for a given course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a group snapshot .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  commit riak .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  commit   loads
truth:  commit   changes

test:  extract all messages from a list of messages .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  load csv file names and return a numpy array .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  get the bcaddress version .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  retrieves the string of the jump indices back the string .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   carve
truth:  retrieves   word

test:  test that passing a group with errors .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  errors   ssl
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test the answer mode on answer .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  makes an object by name .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  pickle   pulls
truth:  pickle   null

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   algorithm
truth:  transform   points

test:  make a custom voxel onto the voxel .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   combine
truth:  make   transformation

test:  gets the hold about the hold .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a list of tokens or a single atom .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  atom   disable
truth:  atom   |

test:  ensure that the parent directory for |path| exists .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  return a filename with the given css gradient .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   multiprocessing
truth:  create   css

test:  get strokeradius paths by key .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  returns form for post form .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  the stdin loop of the program that was modified from the job .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   forget
truth:  return   inverse

test:  this view is currently used by the main greeting .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  establish the sum-of-squares of the points to the same interface .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  produce   algorithm
truth:  produce   points

test:  test that a simple random bar bar tests in the south .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   bench
truth:  forces   value

test:  take a list of pixel values in a string .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  converts   divides
truth:  converts   matrices

test:  hashes part of encoded string .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  using   communicate
truth:  using   md5

test:  decorator to produce a exceptions thrown by the server-side http page .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can publish the changes to .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  get the list of the locales that contain a dictionary of locales and the locale codes .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   talking
truth:  get   dict

test:  ireport of fire stations .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  applies a 2d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   described
truth:  applies   convolution

test:  returns a dict with plugins that have been plugins .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  get   interpolated
truth:  get   plugins

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  move all or specified cover tilt .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  compute the pyname assets from a group with respect to deal .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write the message to a stream .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  creates a dict for a single collection .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  source: android mobile .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  recursively reorder the size of entries that are api-proxy .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  pulls   unescaped
truth:  pulls   entries

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with context .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  check if the key exists in the gpg table is in the gpg .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  return an element of f from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   uncheck
truth:  subtract   element

test:  add a random format to the cloud server available .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  select   enhance
truth:  select   items

test:  download a mnist renders of the load balancer cli example: .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  return the spectral ordering of a spectral network .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  update detailed vote vote on user given thing and direction .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  store   wheter
truth:  store   existence

test:  decorator for checking admin administrator access before executing an http endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs an application in the context .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   generating
truth:  runs   shell

test:  returns true if the address is a valid netmask .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  load configuration in admin folder in specified format .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  read   suggest
truth:  read   folder

test:  gets the path of a directory to the given file .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  calculate likelihood likelihood from a log reference point .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   restoring
truth:  list   data

test:  check version of python library to make sure this library library is installed .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  randomly select a point of the input individual and return the mutant .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  mutate   masking
truth:  mutate   strategy

test:  rq command line cli example: .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  return true if data contains any of the string characters separated by a specified characters .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  detects   shared
truth:  detects   string

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   tear
truth:  logs   module

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  the networkx column should be a triplets of the columns .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  tell whether the sentence is a square-free log .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  this page presents all the user to default subscriptions .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  list   retrive
truth:  list   checks

test:  extract labels from a course and determines if label is already in the corresponding suggestions .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  extract   catch
truth:  extract   course

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  tests whether a number is a valid number or not .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  determine   sparks
truth:  determine   number

test:  here you cant create a file .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  merge   crop
truth:  merge   directory

test:  allows source of a help page .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  creates the url for handlers that use library_keys as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  derives common multiple of x .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   compile
truth:  decide   documentation

test:  private dispatched version of config-file .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  update the stable group for a group by the value of the stable debug .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  determine   rising
truth:  determine   group

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  resultant   suppose
truth:  resultant   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  given a playlist .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   flattens
truth:  format   output

test:  get a list of credential info that are returned in credential .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  enqueue a function to enqueue a callback/errback queue .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  filters all items in iterable that are unique .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  generates a password hash from the supplied ldap groups .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  wrapper around the call to construct a function with a normal osr .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  log and raise an error with a logical formatted message .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  return the performs cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   sends
truth:  performs   encryption

test:  add attachment_specs table .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   stores
truth:  add   name

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  get the network device io .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  deserialize repository @configurationdef .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  imports   restoring
truth:  imports   data

test:  mock autogen .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  autogenerated   pulls
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  recompose nd denoising with singular values .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  insert   divides
truth:  insert   matrices

test:  processes all loaded folder .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  loads   authenticated
truth:  loads   everything

test:  this is used to generate an api call .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  send a request from the database or the current context .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  element-wise exponentiation .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   providing
truth:  reshapes   tensor

test:  find executable in current dir or environment .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   disconnects
truth:  find   dir

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | list .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of push identifiers from a given tree .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  takes   safe_octal
truth:  takes   class

test:  return a list of mounts on the system .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  creates a parts: file in the given storage from a url .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  adds   sleep
truth:  adds   files

test:  regression test for an empty class with scenario/create objects .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  add charset to the body of charset .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   backup
truth:  add   properties

test:  called when the process ends with a graceful .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  class decorator for setting the declarative class to self .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  that the user has permission to access a pre-release .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   crack
truth:  parse   _

test:  shows the list of matching the device .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get tox environment overrides dictionary to use for writing parser .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  get the text on an item .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  creates   expect
truth:  creates   body

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  returns a network field available for the tenant .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   chisquare
truth:  returns   tuples

test:  compute h from rfc tenant_id .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  converts the current date in the rfc1123 date format to a human-readable flags .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test specifying the two json files .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns a string representing the default backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  get   fold
truth:  get   backend

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic inplace .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  redirect to a custom page .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  enter   pulls
truth:  enter   null

test:  update the symlinks configuration file .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   scours
truth:  update   family

test:  determine if were running from the python binary .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  not: not: .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  simple dedent formatter that also strips text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   supports
truth:  dedent   text

test:  dump a network configuration .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   killed
truth:  dump   network

test:  returns {status 0/1 .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  return a list of unique elements of *x* .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  check   exposes
truth:  check   values

test:  get the first line in the word starting with the given start and does not exist .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   del
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   roundrobin
truth:  analyze   application

test:  get albuminfo objects from maxwidth .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   recommended
truth:  fetch   art

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  derivative of the coherence function .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  task used to send inbound message through router phases .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  retrieve   compress
truth:  retrieve   db

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  sort keys of d with subdictionaries .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   blur
truth:  returns   ordereddict

test:  gets the rdm disk devices .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  gets   listen
truth:  gets   key

test:  returns a dictionary with the current configuration returns: a dict representing the current config : the name of the given config : .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  factor univariate polynomials in k[x] .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  reboot host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  perform   decrease
truth:  perform   action

test:  fill the upgrade table with old loops .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   bounds
truth:  fill   table

test:  determine whether the user specified by the lti launch has an existing account .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  call the function in a time .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  evaluate two expressions between expressions and human-readable are common .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  change   unescaped
truth:  change   entries

test:  check whether the state is configurable .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  display a list of profiles that can only be visible with profile details - the user view available .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  helper function to check if an ipython is inside a compressed frontend address .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  apply batch normalization to supplied seed .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if there is available in the current string .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get effective router .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  validate if a string is utf-8 or unicode .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  create new complex object from dbus .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  returns   crack
truth:  returns   _

test:  limit content and derivative it .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  returns the rabbitmq versions of pyenv .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return an objects digest of the graphdef type .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parse a date string according to the locale for the locale .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  load laplace with an array of all zeros .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  turns a list of tokens into a list of the tokens .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  send a remote request to the provided queue .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  load a template into a template .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  send hm .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  get the number of seconds since promotions is still python .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   dereference
truth:  return   width

test:  helper function for printing a bash string .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  escape   learn
truth:  escape   quotes

test:  given a timezone aware datetime .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return a gravatar email for the gravatar email for a gravatar .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  gets   coefficients
truth:  gets   gravatar

test:  mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  event past a confirmation script .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  calculates hex characters in hex form .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  formats   gauss
truth:  formats   strings

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  import a custom scripts from executing it is created .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   refresh
truth:  import   scripts

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  checks the validity of the themed header line .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   stubbed
truth:  checks   headers

test:  compare the calculations if it is ok or false .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   fonts
truth:  get   layer

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that have been decorated to skip because of a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  initialize simple scenario handler for the given stream .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  convert a python string into the prefix equivalent .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  converts   flattening
truth:  converts   field

test:  creates a url to get the public app for public request .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ensure the named bookmark name : string name of the dataset force bookmark : boolean try harder harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   referenced
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  still astring characters from a string .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the status of a 304 api .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   confirmed
truth:  validates   length

test:  render a formset for a bootstrap layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   grep
truth:  render   formset

test:  return a simple error handler for a static stack error .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  detects config .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  detect   deflate
truth:  detect   config

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  check for otu maps .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  compare   kicks
truth:  compare   otu

test:  return params which can be used to keep some the ipython params in a good params .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  djangos djangos solution of a bootstrap field .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  add   r^2
truth:  add   form

test:  edit a document from the documents .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  handle   express
truth:  handle   -

test:  list all folders located in a task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   frees
truth:  list   folders

test:  cold all instances in a hyper .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  invoke a remote method that does not return anything .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  invoke   located
truth:  invoke   method

test:  creates a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   unescapes
truth:  creates   rule

test:  returns the configuration of the users on the device .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  commits   loads
truth:  commits   changes

test:  create a brocade specific network/port-profiles .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  extract a dictionary mapping from a pcap file .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  removes the first information from a callable .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the navigator .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  parse an integer or from a packet definition .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  initialize   talk
truth:  initialize   packet

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  get   shed
truth:  get   exception

test:  converts rgb to hsv space .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  test if an matched value is of type within the associated type .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  return a list of filesystem listing for the given filesystem glob .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the quick covariance matrix x parameters x : ndarray .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  make sure that a gem source is removed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  set the network config or list of hosts .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  parse the pdb header .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  returns   optdict
truth:  returns   lines

test:  validate an ipv4 space value .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  yield file paths for all the files in the file .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  evaluate   ip
truth:  evaluate   paths

test:  returns last http error code suitable for logging .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator for handling methods with this index argument .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  enable return whether or not an interface is enabled .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   embedded
truth:  enable   example

test:  remove the internal logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  evaluate the expression value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  extract the images into a numpy array [index] .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  decorator that simulates the docstring of the given method .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  creates   accentuated
truth:  creates   getter

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  store a job from the job cache .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  store   bcaches
truth:  store   minions

test:  a worker process that formats the messages from the skype .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  sending   exit
truth:  sending   handling

test:  returns a list of patterns from the given directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  sets the caches for a given courseenrollment .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  get a splunk set dns .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  remove gcd of f from f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  remove   corrupts
truth:  remove   terms

test:  forces the given string or file named by the path .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  returns the reverse dict for the given community .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  return   occur
truth:  return   barcodes

test:  return the cumulative density function at *x*; args provides *mu* .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes the entity from the table .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  performs   activate
truth:  performs   delete

test:  register keystoneclient middleware options .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   forbid
truth:  register   options

test:  simple example that should be called only once .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   optimized
truth:  test   script

test:  return exception from the supplied data .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  return the parameter for the swift usage .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  infer   offset
truth:  infer   parameters

test:  return the directory of a given file .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  find   walk
truth:  find   dirname

test:  compiler decorator for id .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  helper function to mit over email addresses given a mailing list .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  prevent   decoding
truth:  prevent   lists

test:  test mixin parsing .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  process the sympy .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  calling   reencrypt
truth:  calling   start

test:  returns a supervisord structure of there are any of the same rules as it .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  function | ruleitem | newline indent stmts dedent .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  function   controlled
truth:  function   identifier

test:  hunt - hunt .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  return weakly connected components of g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  add pid to a process .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  translate a given versions of components to a dictionary of its jobconf .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  validate that the modules to be a valid modules and optional modules to send elasticsearch public modules .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   init
truth:  validate   modules

test:  coerce value to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given a signal field .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  filter   maintain
truth:  filter   mail

test:  remove port bound to zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   receives
truth:  remove   port

test:  restores an incomplete filename to the database .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restores   responds
truth:  restores   database

test:  can passing a single time .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  ensure   borrowed
truth:  ensure   instances

test:  save the registry cache dictionary to disk .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   eliminating
truth:  save   cache

test:  given a comp string .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  fill   launch
truth:  fill   coordinates

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a warning .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  lms helper function .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  creates   exhaust
truth:  creates   conversion

test:  register connection to the new plugin .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  uses   failing
truth:  uses   style

test:  return true if the given file name is an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  returns the database associated with the action set to the dataset .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  helper function for the url described in a dict .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  transform   access
truth:  transform   url

test:  setup virtualenvs .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  prints usage and exits with the given stream .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches with the prefetcher object using the prefetcher query .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   plan
truth:  get   profile

test:  generate a link link with test_ and dot .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   proposed
truth:  generate   chain

test:  list the triggers located in a task .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  load information about students certificates for students course certificate .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  request   pulls
truth:  request   null

test:  disable state function or sls run cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   broadcasted
truth:  disable   runs

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   offset
truth:  depending   parameters

test:  check the virtual server the virtual service with the given service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  returns the product of the list of products in the set of products .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  multiplies   smooth
truth:  multiplies   vector

test:  serializes and receive an object to always return original python .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  updates the incoming version of the specified category .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  print   points
truth:  print   sub

test:  a basic grammar .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   hsv
truth:  test   grammar

test:  get the actual file of a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  resolve   define
truth:  resolve   path

test:  clear all of the database .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   binhexed
truth:  clear   tests

test:  a diff texts of two ranges .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  set the default colormap to nipy and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  check if cgconfig is available on the host or perhaps systemd is used .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  repack xpi if the path is not a temporary folder .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  remove the directory tree .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure the named grafana is present name the name of the graph to remove .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  generate   printing
truth:  generate   locale

test:  print a message from the command line arguments .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get list of a virtual machine status cli example: .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  check if the module can be imported .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a search objects .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  attempts   restoring
truth:  attempts   data

test:  returns setting from given config .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  get   lambda
truth:  get   django

test:  merge config from what keys are present in extra dict .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  merge   review
truth:  merge   keys

test:  encode bytes to 3 byte string .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  takes   ensures
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse an argument out of a dependencygrammar .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  splits   ayoung
truth:  splits   base

test:  create a password for authentication .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  get the id with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a def key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   rect
truth:  get   work

test:  disassociate all defined fixed ips by host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  check a string on the alphabetically .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  checks   flattening
truth:  checks   field

test:  takes file or return a string .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  write   parsefile
truth:  write   descriptor

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  extract a root key for a given key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  extracts   intialize
truth:  extracts   root

test:  update scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  either add or update the given course update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  delete   highlights
truth:  delete   update

test:  normalize all coefficients in k .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  generate   indicate
truth:  generate   polynomial

test:  returns true if a lun id is a list of lun ids .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  query the escaped for some chars in the string .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  wrap arguments with the current column .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert a color to a tuple .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  history history .
truth: command history . 
test:  command   remove
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest end of the possible strings after end .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   mounted
truth:  returns   end

test:  parse a @expectedfailure record object from parent .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  pads the image aspect tensor with the previous side .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  resize   indicating
truth:  resize   images

test:  turns a timestamp into a standardized timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  check the string for an integer .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  return a list of test providers for the directory .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   cleave
truth:  return   providers

test:  validate a google app .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  return the leading coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  divide   imposes
truth:  divide   f

test:  check if the event is valid and should be added to the ui ui .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  endpoint   fitnesse
truth:  endpoint   events

test:  encode a packet binary packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  encodes   executed
truth:  encodes   dictionary

test:  return a context associated with a plain request .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  the main view for courseware .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  render   preload
truth:  render   content

test:  encrypts a message ekey using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   sends
truth:  encrypts   encryption

test:  create a continuous random variable with a rayleigh distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return the cluster in the given company code is not in fh .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  creates a machinectl for a test pipeline .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  simulate   launching
truth:  simulate   pipeline

test:  extract the score from a list of benchmark in k[x] .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the version of the bottleneck bottleneck if method is installed .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  skip   pulls
truth:  skip   null

test:  get the service new axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  extracts the configuration options from option metadata .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  iterator   cause
truth:  iterator   option

test:  used to execute the sympy system and sets a module .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  generate the qutebrowser file .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  applies the full path separator for each v1 on the filesystem .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  freezing   calculate
truth:  freezing   windows

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  applies regular expression matching the query .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  applies   sums
truth:  applies   expression

test:  returns lambda function alias for given lambda function .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  fill in constant .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  use   skipped
truth:  use   use

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  extract the filename from a directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   updating
truth:  extract   archive

test:  convenience function .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the absolute path object based on its resource path .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets the unit name associated with a unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return all unicode strings that should be ignored .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  ask for a enhancement in the equation .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  decides whether g represents a maximal graph or dictionary of edges .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a new line ( requirement: * mysql * mssql tested against: notes: * useful to bypass several web application
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  handle cgi services .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  handle   chew
truth:  handle   service

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   unparsing
truth:  create   git

test:  converts a utc decimal string to decimal format .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  performs a point estimator estimator of the standard error .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  use   broadcasted
truth:  use   runs

test:  returns the autocorrelation of the given angles .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  order   pulls
truth:  order   null

test:  initialize the python interpreter .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  convert a time string to a tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  pack the item at the given array pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  store   urlencode
truth:  store   item

test:  train a bunch of nolint pairs for use in a separate model .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  list available services .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return the data in the given file .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  insert   restoring
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  get the software uid .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns a list of unique paths of the given list of paths .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  return   reallocation
truth:  return   collection

test:  context manager to make a temporary directory creation .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return system system info .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run paired on any of the indices .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  call the given format with the given format .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  return a list of groups that contain the same type as that signature in quantum_port_id .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  check that a token is valid .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handler which sends a customer if a user is true .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get the html for the currently selected page url .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  return   documentation

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  discard   unescaped
truth:  discard   entries

test:  parses a string of a issue that contains a jpeg2000 object .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  decorator for shorten that only allow a permutedims in the indices of the indices .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  permutes   sparsedataset
truth:  permutes   indices

test:  returns a list of cookies from etree .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  add   unenroll
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write the special representation of a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  get a list of commands .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  update an post@login .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  skip a test if config is true .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  raise   freezing
truth:  raise   configuration

test:  converts a string argument to a slug .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   compresses
truth:  find   statement

test:  signal after user sets the communication parameter .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  check   matches
truth:  check   misc

test:  are we being iterable .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  validates basic filters for basic filters .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  validate   obj
truth:  validate   filters

test:  return x minus the window of a tensor parameters x : no window to none .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a function that for f .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  convert   making
truth:  convert   float

test:  accepts an iterator or list of ascii data .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  information about the registered session .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  regression test for url .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  deletes the specified security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   rising
truth:  deletes   group

test:  this format http date in the format returned by the md5sum .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  log a message usage:: log the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  defines some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   translates
truth:  defines   flags

test:  decorate axes with its axes .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  initialize   support
truth:  initialize   time

test:  safely remove the tar file at path .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  renders a template at the given path with the given dict of values .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  split first active values from class .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  checks   operate
truth:  checks   h

test:  show all available module files under the specified opts .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   intialize
truth:  scan   root

test:  simulates the cache supporting a tree to grab the tree of nodes .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  cache   step
truth:  cache   names

test:  retrieve preferred arguments by the given locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  generate supported branching .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  determine the css imports in css document .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  return   proxying
truth:  return   assets

test:  iterator over the message that contains been registered in the channel .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  test that a table with normal table names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  return a list of minimum cost of the graph .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  find   runs
truth:  find   cost

test:  pack an ip address string to a number as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  append the given period to the beginning of a text .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  append   standardises
truth:  append   period

test:  find the index of the first element in array a given list .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   bench
truth:  locate   value

test:  closes svn requests .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  parse a template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  return an array of elements in a list .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   vectorized
truth:  check   webapp

test:  return lowercase absolute path for given pattern .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  apply migrations for provider facts args: provider facts : facts dict variable returns: dict: the normalized facts .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   object
truth:  apply   facts

test:  initialize the rate .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  move a host to a canonical .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   preloading
truth:  move   host

test:  test the behavior of --uptodate --format=columns flags in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   switch
truth:  test   list

test:  a path for an format type only if it exists .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get a list of the locales that are all the locales in the given config .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load if the snapper module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  home a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  add a new advanced component .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  convert all have different ways of elevation .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return a dict of the keys of d .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  create a track track track from an echo track upload .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get float from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  transforms a protobuf into a search_service_pb .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a implementation of the reference implementation .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  regression test that the boot specification algorithm .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  pulls   totodiles
truth:  pulls   machines

test:  helper function to define an xml string .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  returns dataframe .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  convert   insure
truth:  convert   dataframe

test:  return the revision name of the given package .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  return a string such that each line .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  generate   customized
truth:  generate   salt

test:  verifies the version string is in unrar .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  compute the primary key keys for a given hash .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  calculate   orthoganlize
truth:  calculate   hash

test:  returns the pivoted pivoted with respect to gruntz .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  compute   sqlmap
truth:  compute   limit

test:  find the ancestor of a person .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the seuclidean distance between two vectors .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  return the fingerprint of the masters public key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  colorize text .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  pulls   detects
truth:  pulls   color

test:  round elements of the given precision using the given precision .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  send emails to inform easy email for a user .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  email   allocate
truth:  email   user

test:  set up simplestrategy for all-against-all .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  convert the value of the given object with the specified arguments .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  coerce plural to a gettext rule .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  pulls   tag
truth:  pulls   gettext

test:  get the list of all available jobs .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  get   mark
truth:  get   contexts

test:  registers a certain excel query string .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  adds   mixed
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  do-nothing debug action .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a message to the given notification backends .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   targeting
truth:  send   backends

test:  get an instance of a description from a given certificate .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  restores the state of a file in a background fashion .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   currents
truth:  restores   state

test:  start a gcode .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  create an ssh pidof instance .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  create and return a keyczar keyset to it .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   splodge
truth:  returns   keyczar

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  get loop rotated from outside .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  uses the given reply to return a list of reply .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  flatten   looping
truth:  flatten   node

test:  tries to sync a file descriptor matching the specified path .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  if a user has been modified .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  remove a host from the task .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   grouping
truth:  remove   system

test:  decode crypto meta .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  parse command line arguments .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  returns the number of seq a string .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  read all the per per per sff files in directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  return   wheather
truth:  return   library

test:  extract comparison from twos .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  callback decorator to require http basic auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   forget
truth:  evaluates   inverse

test:  take a list of dicts and create a single string :arg list of dicts to be written as a list of dicts .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  given   decoding
truth:  given   lists

test:  provides the given time zone .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  returns   zone

test:  test that get_user() function works even if the current processs user is not changed .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  push   aff4_type
truth:  push   share

test:  returns the users that a database will exit with the given file .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  return   skipped
truth:  return   use

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   renders
truth:  get   series

test:  calculates the zmap score of each value in the sample .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   named
truth:  calculates   z

test:  returns a list with the given user corresponding to the current course of the given course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  returns   rotated
truth:  returns   partition

test:  construct an entry into the database .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  sort   inform
truth:  sort   entry

test:  solves an order order linear differential equation with 1st order linear coefficients .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  newmans weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  weighted   collecting
truth:  weighted   b

test:  load a pil image from a file .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  creates   fileformat
truth:  creates   self

test:  add the cms in the page .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  invalidates   eliminating
truth:  invalidates   cache

test:  get an album candidates for musicbrainz items from an album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  search   decorate
truth:  search   matches

test:  convenience function to check if a scipy is a float or not .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  checks   smooth
truth:  checks   vector

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  fetches a list of available networks cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  remove the logs if it already exist .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  set the current requests / party the program .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   decides
truth:  verify   sha1

test:  load a check from places it loads the check specific check with the supplied configuration .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  find   files
truth:  find   check

test:  copy a file to the destination .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a new variable used to process the database .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return the path to the directory of the cache .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set break-point at current frame .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   widening
truth:  set   location

test:  return whether a given user can view the staff courses .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  determine   wrapped
truth:  determine   permission

test:  recursively resolve media resource files and all its files .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  embed   sleep
truth:  embed   files

test:  delete a specific doctypes .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  still logged in current session .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  disconnects   pulls
truth:  disconnects   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  generator for methods that are not yet been updated .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  print   stop
truth:  print   dots

test:  same as objtag .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that edf file with raw annotations are not activated .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   doing
truth:  test   annotations

test:  gets the certificate of the certificates to the certificate .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  returns a byte string used as a byte string .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  add a new result set in the local command line .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  convert a string of bytes into a human readable form .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  translates   hover
truth:  translates   bytes

test:  clears internal cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clean   b1
truth:  clean   translations

test:  returns the string value of the given date .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  split estimator on an array using the input .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  parses keyword argument string .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  deregister the check with the given agent using its status check .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  removes   files
truth:  removes   check

test:  check whether c is at least c string .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  concatenate concatenate to sensitive .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  return true or false if page is a valid page .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  returns the default value for further processing .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  updates a postgres user .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  constructs and returns a dictionary .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  translate   restoring
truth:  translate   data

test:  generate a host .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  require a user raised if an error is deleted .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  ensures   assign
truth:  ensures   requests

test:  returns the current configuration type .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  helper function to set the proper version of the connection .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  raises   trivial
truth:  raises   connection

test:  returns the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  create an instance of the gax publisher api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  update target with settings .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  load   responds
truth:  load   database

test:  compute a bem solution for forward solution .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  create   decrypt
truth:  create   solution

test:  convert an image to a 2d array of any image .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  gets the attribute name for the type specified .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  extract   mutate
truth:  extract   column

test:  add a rule to the @sopel .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  join   overrides
truth:  join   channel

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  push the specified block to the new block stack .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  open   converted
truth:  open   block

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model return the harmonic plus the harmonic point of the harmonic plus the model .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  pulls   reconstitute
truth:  pulls   sound

test:  converts a string to a bytes .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  get list of available users cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  the sigmoid activation function .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  uninstall a new plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstalls   identifies
truth:  uninstalls   plugin

test:  returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  issue a warning .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  returns the selected nodes in the given node .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  create a pants setup .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake participant .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  calculate the description of the service .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return the result of the from resultadd .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   stacks
truth:  return   states

test:  return all iam groups .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  compute heights blocks of heights .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  computes   restrict
truth:  computes   array

test:  initialize the monkey-patching cache .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  send locked with the same message .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  cancel the cuda subsystem .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  take   flattens
truth:  take   output

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  time   shared
truth:  time   string

test:  create a group policy .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  convert a full np array into the sparse document format by the last amount of the document .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  purge all files that match the given pattern .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  delete   disconnects
truth:  delete   dir

test:  prints a tree of the tree at the given node per display .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   djangos
truth:  print   indentation

test:  completely clear files under the cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  tab test verifies the missing dependencies can complete .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  is   turn
truth:  is   case

test:  only for macos with utilityonlyworkson module installed .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  load   encode
truth:  load   mac

test:  test that .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  run enqueue_events_for_all_sites events from compiler .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  executes   initializes
truth:  executes   program

test:  install the given signal handler using the given signal handler .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   lets
truth:  install   handler

test:  parse a channel mode string .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  return the 3-regular platonic petersen .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  remove the tutorial from sockets .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  cleanup   unquoting
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph g with a random layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  helper function .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  the version of lspi .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  decode_fs_path -> unicode string return the bytestring in text .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   evacuate
truth:  get   precision

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  test x10 address validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  get a path from the location and add it to the path .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  returns a sim .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  for windows .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  derive   define
truth:  derive   path

test:  register a plugin mapping .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  verify that the line buffer to a line buffer in the message .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  gets a cooked path -- a list of .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  index of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  generate a random integer value with the given shape and seed .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  parses a date argument into a 9-tuple .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   temperature
truth:  parses   date

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  converts data into a serialized version string .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   extract
truth:  encode   version

test:  skipping wiskott .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  verify that the setting is the heading we contains the specified value .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  verify   flow
truth:  verify   fields

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  run a list of changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  test   forms
truth:  test   result

test:  invert a graph in the graph into a set of nodes .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  inverts   publish
truth:  inverts   graph

test:  remove the session key from the request .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  removes   exposes
truth:  removes   values

test:  returns true if the compressor on the given compressor file .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  return   unpatch
truth:  return   matching

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  parse options then call the endpoint .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  returns the gender for nouns .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  yield assertraises(exception in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  test when a file has a url .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  generate supported set .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  set   guess
truth:  set   vars

test:  set or delete metadata on a image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   post_save
truth:  set   metadata

test:  convert a numpy array to sympy .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  create a canonical digest digest for a given credential .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  creates a formatted memcached for linode .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  construct response headers from :class:pyramid .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   stubbed
truth:  check   headers

test:  create a selective instance from config configuration current configuration name .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  returns the class of the specified foreign namespace or namespace .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  generate the string for control and router .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   prepares
truth:  loads   router

test:  handle a 1/0 client .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete all the mapping of the list of mapping information from the current set of stuff for which have been downloaded .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  alternative implementation to the black probability out of an probability image .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a list of versions of the named package information cli example: .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  report   poll
truth:  report   versions

test:  match a dict of the known human_readable .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate a version string which compares a double string in it .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  pad   summarize
truth:  pad   zeros

test:  create a new extension with the correct two value .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  format blocks of the type .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  pulls   multivariate
truth:  pulls   blocks

test:  load config from json file .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  internal function to replace all the names of a different field with the provided document .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  pulls   pass
truth:  pulls   document

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a l{scipy .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  attempt to find all the state of the given state until it returns true .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  loop   currents
truth:  loop   state

test:  adds a new gui .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return series of data x by series considering this series considering the series x .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  create   embeds
truth:  create   pandas

test:  render the value of a template .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test human_readable source file with a local contents .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  transforms a value to a human readable format .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  parse a url; uid and return a hy uid name .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  dynamically creates a regularization type from either a string or a list of types .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  gets   abandoned
truth:  gets   declaration

test:  return the email for the given recipients and cc .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  create an dont error with a raised error .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  throw   shed
truth:  throw   exception

test:  context manager to easily define the watch list by variables .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   accept
truth:  context   env

test:  return the base64 encoded sha1 hash of the given image .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  generate   forwards
truth:  generate   image

test:  injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   forgets
truth:  injects   filesystem

test:  this is used to determine if the protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  generates the absolute path to a file .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   wanted
truth:  builds   filename

test:  run the selected test suite .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  discover   binhexed
truth:  discover   tests

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  create a new cluster in the table .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  perform the dad dos attack in the ns dos issued - list of source .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the configuration from the specified config file .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns the closing tag containing the tree .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  inverts   configured
truth:  inverts   tree

test:  decode a raw uuid string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  decode   bartels
truth:  decode   contents

test:  set the current vhost via rabbitmqctl set_permissions cli example: .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  authenticate a comment by blanking its fields to save a comment .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  stores   iterates
truth:  stores   comment

test:  loads a schema file .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  returns the number of bytes that is very divisible by a given user .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  given a string of bytes or hex string .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  transform expr into an expression .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  checks barcodes of a map file for mapping .
truth: gets header . 
test:  gets   assume
truth:  gets   header

test:  given a dump name and an view name .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  returns a html string suitable for logging .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  extract   revoked
truth:  extract   details

test:  infer a name for a nodes: return the assign node .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   stores
truth:  infer   name

test:  try to find the absolute version of a repository .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  maps the key names for the __ne__ set .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  works   migrate
truth:  works   systemd

test:  get the unquoted paths of the project .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   disabling
truth:  generate   filenames

test:  confirm that the header value contains only the codecoptions which can be an option .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  updates a document with given journal .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  cancel   pulls
truth:  cancel   null

test:  given a class .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   archive
truth:  return   member

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  get all attachment specs for the specified attachment .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  parse a time string into a datetime object .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  tries   support
truth:  tries   time

test:  get gnu and add them .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  given a request token .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  extracts   backup
truth:  extracts   properties

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   error
truth:  pair   bracket

test:  receive a 32-bit socketfd .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  steam -> steam convert the given steam arg to a list of cryptographically-strong cryptographically-strong .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  convert   based
truth:  convert   address

test:  helper function for simulating xenapi plugin responses .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  surround   preload
truth:  surround   content

test:  given an *query dictionary that contains lines of a dictionary of lines .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parse   inform
truth:  parse   entry

test:  sca the figure and display it .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  get all available regions for the amazon awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  delete an exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  discretize gaussian modes with different modes if result is at least similar to bridges .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  pulls   imagine
truth:  pulls   modes

test:  create a tuple from a list of devices .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  returns   igor
truth:  returns   device

test:  list all available package upgrades .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   intialize
truth:  find   root

test:  helper to get request from an ec2 user .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  run a shell command .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  invoke   generating
truth:  invoke   shell

test:  lists wiki documents needs a review .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   retuned
truth:  lists   revisions

test:  get the metadef object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  convert string to str .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test secondary selector .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   replay
truth:  test   chart

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  return a basic sandbox name .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  returns   proxying
truth:  returns   assets

test:  test if the python package can be require to run the python package .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  creates a file in the directory of a given path .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  renders all the url of a follow instance <a href="{% actor_url request .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   access
truth:  renders   url

test:  command : data .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  verifies a cypher with the private key .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  preprocess an expression against a list of variables .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  prepare   craft
truth:  prepare   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  create a known dictionary for the given user .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  check if any doubled-word upgrade is available .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  used   label
truth:  used   custom

test:  clipped clip version from a blackwhite .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the comments comments are longer than the remaining version .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  returns a validator for an address .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  get   pipe
truth:  get   validator

test:  returns the timestamp from a timestamp of the timedelta object .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  make sure all states have the same name .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  rewrite   currents
truth:  rewrite   state

test:  refresh image with the dimensions of an image .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  update   forwards
truth:  update   image

test:  normalize the packages from fixtures .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  transform a python object to the name of the corresponding xri .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  test truncate x labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  calculate qa for a given link through scores .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return the environment pythonpath and command line .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  retrieve   unquoting
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  in the case of an oauth url .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  builds   guvectorize
truth:  builds   oauth

test:  separate a generator for a type of text n .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  creates a security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  tokenize a programmes encoded string into utf-8 bytes .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  tokenize   supports
truth:  tokenize   text

test:  read a table delimited file and return a list of statements starting at the file .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   hits
truth:  read   filter

test:  readd object all notification that are unread in a notification inbox .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  function   flip
truth:  function   python

test:  bind the specified ack string to a specified scenario string .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  ensure   restoring
truth:  ensure   data

test:  convert an object into a string of the form .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  check   twitter
truth:  check   auto

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   preprocess
truth:  returns   networks

test:  create a dictionary that can be used to create a field in a dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  generate a commented header from an http source map .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  construct   containing
truth:  construct   ip

test:  return the other domain name :return: returns the computer domain if the computer is not set .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   union
truth:  get   domain

test:  one two mount point d .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  pauses   satisfy
truth:  pauses   container

test:  turn a list into a single vector .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  make   cleaning
truth:  make   matrix

test:  completeness the slice and completeness .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  run doctest on pyproj .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  run   prettyprint
truth:  run   examples

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get the name of a file using the __dict__ .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  start a defined user .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  generalized   pulls
truth:  generalized   null

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  scans the training .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  demo   indicating
truth:  demo   images

test:  a simple exception handler for authorization .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  list all features in the assert that have been features .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  list   handle
truth:  list   features

test:  score scaling for launching the softmax library .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  constructs   initialise
truth:  constructs   layers

test:  return the path to the s3cache dir .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  generate   disconnects
truth:  generate   dir

test:  return the named vm cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  product of square root of the median value in x .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version will not cause the get is quite in the background is able to inserting again .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   invalidates
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  jpeg the given string .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  pulls   rabins
truth:  pulls   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into drive/unc sharepoint and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  this is a set with the file on the filesystem .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  generate a new qualified json .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  creates a klintegrator string into the structure of the nginx .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  creates   resample
truth:  creates   directories

test:  extract and keyword arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  decide whether two vectors are much a slope of the vectors .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  cross   landing
truth:  cross   sum

test:  add a new trunk dict to each type of the port .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  add   revoked
truth:  add   details

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   pinned_array
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  classify the classifier and a numpy ndarray the classifier provided .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks to see if a string is a valid target .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  swaps the distances of the elements along given axis .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  encode the remote wanted dictionary wanted by wanted .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a github client cli example: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  downloads a file from the folder and add its filename .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  test if the object is a block gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  decorator that adds a method to a final class:: of a class .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  add   located
truth:  add   method

test:  decorator to enable tests to enable pillow .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  decorator for parameterized test w .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  remove inspired from user .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  pulls   extracts
truth:  pulls   socket

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to limit .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  the user should not cause valid call that are not set .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  verify   instantiate
truth:  verify   arguments

test:  yield a regular expression for a file in the given string .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  matches   allocate
truth:  matches   user

test:  should first start with a lazy event time .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  be   pulls
truth:  be   null

test:  service the service identifier .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  recursively write all the files in a directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  writes a new xspf to the given xml .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  send   switch
truth:  send   list

test:  find and return the valid user id if a username is specified .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is a directive of the value - the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  run up or ends in an image from request .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   knapsack
truth:  upload   request

test:  convert unicode to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  returns length of barcode examples .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  split   reveal
truth:  split   sequence

test:  deletes user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  classify path separator for consistency .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  checks whether user can push translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  filter out access tokens from cloud storage .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  reads kit file and stores the kit file import on a web file .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   been
truth:  import   format

test:  generate a new base32 key see: url .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   skipped
truth:  generate   use

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes files starting with empty directories .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a factory to produce a resources .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  iterate through str values and format .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  repack the content of a repo .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  return the name of the module .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  assemble   pulls
truth:  assemble   null

test:  convert the given ctypes type to a ctypes function parameters .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  simple test showing how to create a lazy as json .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  test   aliased
truth:  test   json

test:  be displayed job .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a tuple with the docs version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  convenience function that takes a yaml graph and returns a configparser .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  loads   freezing
truth:  loads   configuration

test:  return available packet images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  return the web page class used by the current settings in sys .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  get   transliterate
truth:  get   variable

test:  test that most popular are there are there are there .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  pulls   appends
truth:  pulls   add

test:  return a list of the edges that is in g .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  find   reserve
truth:  find   subgraph

test:  return the first index of the predicate for predicate found in seq .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  find the docstring of a list of tokens or comments .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a path .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  validates the the form of a string or ipv6 address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  return the localizable attributes for obj .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  codegen -> bool return a list of all the files in expr .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  generate   associate
truth:  generate   expressions

test:  x is a }} x with x and class .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  handle   turn
truth:  handle   case

test:  split a path and returns the results of the simple .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  splits   utf-8
truth:  splits   argument

test:  get the creation time of the volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  extract   support
truth:  extract   time

test:  check for correctness of the hypergeometric function by the loss in the internal "foo" .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  lint tool lint shows .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  ensure   inquire
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  like ofs_nbits .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  decode value from base64 to plain format and deserializes the bytestring .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  encode html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   connect
truth:  encodes   entities

test:  determine if the provided color is a float .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  add implementation to source .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  extracts   deployments
truth:  extracts   sources

test:  maintain the given ogrerr to be included on the client .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  return true if path is from a being .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test the fit sample routine with cnn support .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  returns true if g is a isolate or an independent set .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  determines   looping
truth:  determines   node

test:  test process with activated .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a given object .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   extension

test:  convert a path to a list of requirements .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read a text file and return its contents .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   project
truth:  return   ascii

test:  call signature:: polar make a polar plot .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  make   memoizes
truth:  make   plot

test:  sends the event handler to request a given event .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  create custom metric descriptor .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  helper function for adding an 2+ keys .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  return   polynomials
truth:  return   codes

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  run all the known tests .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  reset method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute the cluster with permutations for a cluster in a given cluster .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  update a font with the specified weight .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  the histogram from the output .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the pioneer camera .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  the settings was none if no locale is currently active .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  make   changes
truth:  make   languages

test:  migrates the screenshot to a optimize to another node .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  migrate   sleep
truth:  migrate   files

test:  get a list of comments and status space to help space .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   dataframe
truth:  get   comments

test:  generate a vulns .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  adapt   flattens
truth:  adapt   output

test:  individual by f**( .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  run python environment .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  executes   flip
truth:  executes   python

test:  extracts and returns the access token from the google api .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  obtain   scop
truth:  obtain   token

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   unenroll
truth:  test   cookies

test:  check for except: .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   been
truth:  check   format

test:  given a user .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   deduce
truth:  return   programs

test:  escapes % characters so that it will reach the has its own variable .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  yaml: whitesource performs the temporary whitesource on the currently retrieved points .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  converts a satoshi array into a packed output array .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  packs   eliminates
truth:  packs   elements

test:  print a dictionary of objects for a resource .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  generate   fragment
truth:  generate   report

test:  get the inverse of a form with or form .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  load an extension from a module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  does dask contain a dictionary of all keys .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  determines   search
truth:  determines   d

test:  create a new identity environment .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   generating
truth:  communicate   shell

test:  validate that the given json textbooks is a list of pdf or raises an exception if there is no longer in the list of json textbooks .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   supports
truth:  validate   text

test:  decorate all the nodes under the tree to find a node .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  function   push
truth:  function   depth

test:  construct signal from epochs in epochs .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  reconstruct   dumps
truth:  reconstruct   signal

test:  generate a new securely-generated hash for the given body .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  returns the number of changed files that are changed .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  get instance type extra for instance type .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  print behave snippets .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return a dictionary with node details as visible to the passed node .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   skipped
truth:  serialize   use

test:  maintain first kind of the result .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  swaps the number of non-zero values for each feature in sparse x .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  returns the linear unit of a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  chinese c++ names are not a valid subreddit .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  generate an md5 hash of the specified key .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  receive   review
truth:  receive   keys

test:  helper to make a complex reshape for each file format_argspec_plus a to show .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  return a dict of active config values .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get saml provider document .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   embedded
truth:  get   example

test:  return a sparse matrix of the given odds are nonzero with the correct values .
truth: like rand . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  maps the code description into an http description and return it .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return true if m is from a character set .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  check   created
truth:  check   mode

test:  dump message into the info file .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  create a soft/symlink between a file and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  tokenize a python rewriting the given text .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  generate a listener that supports the given @util .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  just ensure that a widget is available for this module .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  populates   flow
truth:  populates   fields

test:  convert a dictionary of translations for a dict of ones .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  helper function that finds a trace node .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  when a process handler is used .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  pulls   explode
truth:  pulls   processes

test:  adapt the given course structure to a dict of its children .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  map   localize
truth:  map   reference

test:  transform a string to an oauth-compatible string .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  extract the port supplied port from a consistent container .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  inspect   satisfy
truth:  inspect   container

test:  build the root address for interface cli example: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  add   refresh
truth:  add   scripts

test:  reorder the hidden graph in a dask graph .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  converts a dictionary of dictionaries into a single string .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  take   forbid
truth:  take   options

test:  simulates a continuous ip address associated with a local instance .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  blocks   center
truth:  blocks   ec2

test:  check if value is an int .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  check   linkify
truth:  check   integer

test:  prints a dummy variable from s to the items in a log .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_formset_errors **parameters**: form the form that is being rendered layout context value that is available in the template bootstrap3/form_errors .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  save the current table to a dictionary .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dumps   solve
truth:  dumps   settings

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  get the epoch of a datetime .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  extract the images into a numpy array [index] .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  decorator for setting dirty flag and changes .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search filter options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  reads a file into a string as json .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  extract a client for whose content is a users request and should be either a afe .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  return the permission url from the file .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  pulls   marathon
truth:  pulls   opening

test:  encode a string to a json string .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  converts a sequence into a file:// string .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  stop   retuned
truth:  stop   revisions

test:  execute a command and read the output as yaml .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  return matching filename .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  extract nodes from tree at the end of a tree .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   revert
truth:  extract   i18n

test:  given a node object .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  takes   offer
truth:  takes   queryset

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no 2 .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  retrieves the current config item .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return random works for constructing flag .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  add http user to the users file using the given salt .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  delete   allocate
truth:  delete   user

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  show the details of the named notification cli example: .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  return any optional timestamp information in the request .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a cooked group to the full path .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  expand   sums
truth:  expand   expression

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the difference between the segment and the segment .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  takes a list of paths and uses the matching search for an existing search paths .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  award the given configurations for the given user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run a given app to delete all assets from a given app settings .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  delete   proxying
truth:  delete   assets

test:  test that a finder only accepts data with a list of data .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  setup   embed
truth:  setup   logging

test:  gets any number of latest categories to a template context .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   act
truth:  gets   categories

test:  filter names that are subsets of the given list of names .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  determine   allocate
truth:  determine   user

test:  get bitpacked and append it to the given file .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   exposes
truth:  read   values

test:  a will return the avatar url for the provided user .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  reset the docker settings that will be used by the user to physically .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  populate   pending
truth:  populate   default

test:  the smallest representation of a string .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  write the message to a stream .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  approx approximation of the distance matrix f with order for fprime .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 lists recursively by paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  compute the gaussian density function from the normal distribution .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  resnet-200 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this bucket .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   enhanced
truth:  copy   object

test:  tests that we can parse a random tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  tests   configured
truth:  tests   tree

test:  creates a message prefix for the logs force a value to be used via the context manager .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  change   rescales
truth:  change   event

test:  returns the rest certificates as json .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  build   encapsulate
truth:  build   instance

test:  get redis key value from a redis set in redis cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  creates a test user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  check if the old attribute is equal .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  rebuild   exposes
truth:  rebuild   values

test:  forces a form that can be updated as a dictionary .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  grab the qt4 app engine application from a qt applications .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  function_type : intconstant | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return all defined loaded paths .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  yields   put
truth:  yields   rules

test:  generate a bytearray with a power of the bytearray .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  map all files in a directory tree to a python root .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  of decoding or network encoding of encoding .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  generate a certificate for the certificate domain to generate a certificate of the certificate for git secure .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   producing
truth:  generate   certificate

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the given iterator .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  a synonym for c backend configuration file .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  morning star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  pulls   pressing
truth:  pulls   cover

test:  create new .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  coerce   presents
truth:  coerce   mapping

test:  create content from a directory .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to int type representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   combined
truth:  converts   ipv4

test:  add from surrounding loops to surrounding loops from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  creates a thread for the current thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  creates   vms
truth:  creates   thread

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   colorized
truth:  deactivate   context

test:  wrapper to load a function from a build .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  return the status status of the given status item .
truth: get status code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  when a customer is deleted .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  pulls   l{twisted
truth:  pulls   subscription

test:  read everything data from file .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  setup the current time .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  pulls   paginates
truth:  pulls   queues

test:  test when doing cannot be set and then make sure that we can get the catalog result is not loaded .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  load   tag
truth:  load   gettext

test:  return a wrapper around the --scenarios .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  return a datetime object for the given hour number of seconds since the epoch .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  create   childnodes
truth:  create   timestamp

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   call
truth:  return   docstrings

test:  context manager to temporarily store all object to a given value .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  mount a partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   forgets
truth:  mount   filesystem

test:  removes the given exception string .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a list of phases by the given plugin name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  check if a command can be dtype? or created .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  adds a plugin class to an existing plugin .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  get the url for the specified user .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  request   access
truth:  request   url

test:  unwrap list of items in the string .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse the next item from a sequence into lines .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  expr   tz_localize
truth:  expr   seq

test:  creates the string key-value pairs .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  transforms   accounted
truth:  transforms   sign

test:  print a theano cell .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  create   computes
truth:  create   cell

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  returns a security group with the specified security group .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  given a course delete field id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  split each line into a list of chunks of size chunks .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   falls
truth:  yield   max_rows

test:  update a draft back to the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  sync   expands
truth:  sync   draft

test:  put a query string into a query parameter .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  put   access
truth:  put   url

test:  truncate to the password file and password to use .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  encrypt   labeled
truth:  encrypt   file

test:  training controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   extract
truth:  training   version

test:  return the yaw .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  correlation should be set with expected values .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  ensure   break
truth:  ensure   operations

test:  send a message to the next notification .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   unload
truth:  send   client

test:  helper function to check that the request policy can be constrained .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  checks   unescapes
truth:  checks   rule

test:  record ownership modified version of summary dbtable .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  customize   plan
truth:  customize   profile

test:  redirects the specified location to the location using http location .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the value with the passed in by the key value .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  extract selected parameters from the provided stream .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   allocate
truth:  extract   user

test:  decorator for marking eval-context dependent filters .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  helper function to allow querying current course level to a ccx .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  works   overlay
truth:  works   func

test:  test %reset ip nvars format_argspec_plus .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  reset   makes
truth:  reset   namespaces

test:  get a usable app .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  creates   roundrobin
truth:  creates   application

test:  train the input array of a matrix .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   outset
truth:  train   classifier

test:  sends a message to the oauth2 session .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns the list of users with the most significant tag .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  find and return the dns machine from the datacenter .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  domain names in a domain name string .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  unquoting   reported
truth:  unquoting   function

test:  a hook on the accesstoken .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  move the size in a degrees to the buffer .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  computes   restoring
truth:  computes   data

test:  click a click to the element .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  add rack holes to complex .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  pretty-prints text on alias .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  abbreviate   carve
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return threshold value for a threshold .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  applies   rrmgr
truth:  applies   threshold

test:  return a list of added added to the callbacks of the given callbacks .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  get   pick
truth:  get   callback

test:  create a provided grant for a provided role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   wrapped
truth:  create   permission

test:  flatten a nested dict converts a dictionary with nested values to a single level flat dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats a timedelta string to make it readable in a timedelta .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  format   skipped
truth:  format   use

test:  yaml: timestamps a timestamps at certain requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:blame plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  pulls   exercise
truth:  pulls   timestamps

test:  returns a list of special instances from all file .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   publish
truth:  load   graph

test:  returns the currently selected language bidi .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  returns   languages

test:  run the test cases and only if the process is not running .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read image data from disk image data map .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  read   forwards
truth:  read   image

test:  dynamically creates a json-serializable response from the text .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  returns   yamlify
truth:  returns   rrset

test:  makes on sff files .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  test typing ordinals .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  restful controller for option lookups .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  get the current time in seconds since the epoch cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  run a wnb server .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  return a path to the paths of a given path .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  this is called only when the server starts "cold" .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return a string representation of crc .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  set __loader__ .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  create   masks
truth:  create   jinja2

test:  log the toctree class .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  server   decorating
truth:  server   log

test:  performs a unique id .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  the facebook for making an invite graph for this last modeladmin .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  sending   pulls
truth:  sending   null

test:  get the default domain .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  gets   enhanced
truth:  gets   object

test:  a helper function to print all formatters from a list of baremetal nodes .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  this is a new document in a given document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   pass
truth:  rename   document

test:  coerce value to a form .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  convert string into a flags flags .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  convert   translates
truth:  convert   flags

test:  load the coverage from a http request .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  run session between server and client protocol instances over tcp .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  return the user fingerprint of module with the given user fingerprint .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  get the complex range .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  given a line of points .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  returns an iterator over all elements of the seq .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  update parent status objects with goal listeners .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   pass
truth:  update   document

test:  generic view for setting up as trusted if there is no data in the model .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  validate   restoring
truth:  validate   data

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes in a directed graph .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  run a scheduled unit unit unit .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  loads all data from all minion .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   caused
truth:  write   return

test:  checks if the object is an instance of the given object .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  update   joins
truth:  update   cluster

test:  recursively convert to enum .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  replace / as path component .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  replace   flip
truth:  replace   python

test:  return none from [host:port .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  coerce value to a bool value .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  setup the panasonic viera tv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   m
truth:  setup   tv

test:  registers a colormap some colormap configuration .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  add   gather
truth:  add   colormap

test:  solutions array of indices in a new heatmap .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  cache the controller .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  performs arma impulse impulse with likelihood process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  subscribe validation .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  if example turn turn off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  called   rising
truth:  called   group

test:  test httprpcserver volume source spaces .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  test   singular
truth:  test   volumes

test:  reference(s): url url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an array of length masked array .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  masked   confirmed
truth:  masked   length

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   waveform
truth:  print   products

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  get an http token .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to cli example: .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   source
truth:  make   overlay

test:  convert s to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  return the string wrapped in color ansi escape sequences .
truth: string in color . 
test:  string   detects
truth:  string   color

test:  helper function to generate the timestamp in a datetime by type .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  attempt to decode streams using the terminal size .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  return version from the path .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  fixture that checks for httpbin filter .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  like   unlinks
truth:  like   fixture

test:  log an meetinglink .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  log   consisting
truth:  log   link

test:  return true if obj is an instance of the given object .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution is a version for a distribution .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  convert a random interface into an interface .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  signals to start the home server .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  convert integer to an integer or a number of bytes .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  compute the number of roots of f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that all systems can be listed in all wheels .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  parses a string representation of a given field .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  unregister a given serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   enter
truth:  unregister   serializer

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   insures
truth:  set   projections

test:  coerce value to an indexed string .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  default   labels
truth:  default   transform

test:  write pnm file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  unsubscribe a list .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  unsubscribe   switch
truth:  unsubscribe   list

test:  return a power of the graph g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  returns   grant
truth:  returns   power

test:  download translations from bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  download   b1
truth:  download   translations

test:  get the ips from linode for a specific linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  display a box html for the given tags .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  finds all the paths for the given parent directory .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a helper for the periods of a locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  get   canonicalize
truth:  get   unicode

test:  return an sqlalchemy about all activities about the given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  retrieve the dataset if its running in the task .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  starts   shift
truth:  starts   tasks

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  orders   allocate
truth:  orders   user

test:  add the list of all compute nodes in the mean .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  accept   bench
truth:  accept   value

test:  for authenticated requests conversions .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  initializes   search
truth:  initializes   d

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the methods in withparent .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  creates a flat list with the current conditions and conditions for a given serializer .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  builds   access
truth:  builds   url

test:  return first id of the given lines .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  print a list of all running agents .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  the pdf assumes that the ending singular value of the matrices .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  serialize a transform string into its constituent numbers .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  reserializes   restoring
truth:  reserializes   data

test:  test the importer for the importer module types .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for continuous variables parameters using method of moments .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  default document .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  were   pulls
truth:  were   null

test:  decorator which exempts a function to be called via pushes .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  allow   usage_key_string
truth:  allow   view

test:  create the line of a line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send ? to your public process .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  test installing from reqs file .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  upgrade   labeled
truth:  upgrade   file

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   retry
truth:  create   subnet

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  create directory and permissions .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  set   separated
truth:  set   aes

test:  a context manager to toggle the guaranteed input *individuals* .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  patch   batch
truth:  patch   code

test:  uploaded -> list extracts the arguments from a document_pb .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  draws   contructs
truth:  draws   sample

test:  converts a string to a signed integer or unicode string .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  processing   freeze
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  show the window by data .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  this method returns the default email address for a given intent .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   expect
truth:  return   body

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  check   assign
truth:  check   requests

test:  squares -> int sum of a string such that 1 matches the vector of the expression .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  sum   estimates
truth:  sum   squares

test:  decrypt encrypted_data with the given key .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   restoring
truth:  decrypt   data

test:  get warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  get   stopped
truth:  get   statistics

test:  get a given identity from the database .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: empty : . 
test:  empty   pulls
truth:  empty   null

test:  creates the root fasta of the ifilenames threads .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  construct   publish
truth:  construct   graph

test:  assert that the x and all finite of the matrix .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  throw   expr
truth:  throw   valueerror

test:  unquote -> ~/abc if it isnt already quoted .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  remove   shared
truth:  remove   string

test:  determine whether the user is allowed to view this course/library in the given course .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  process the results of a response .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  calls retries .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  function   relies
truth:  function   logic

test:  concatenates c with the given id .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  send   fixes
truth:  send   manager

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  just the groups for the given facility .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  parse startup data .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  startup   lstrip
truth:  startup   set

test:  determine if the loop is in the path .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   kill
truth:  given   datasource

test:  get all influxdb influxdb in a user .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test replacing integers .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  test   parameterize
truth:  test   integers

test:  determine if a path is crossing inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  returns the file encoding needed to check the file .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  try   unifies
truth:  try   encoding

test:  get a debug checker .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  determine   imageidfield
truth:  determine   debugging

test:  returns a given field instance for a given field .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   shut
truth:  returns   checker

test:  update the named ports or changed .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  set   edit
truth:  set   ports

test:  scans the table nodes and call it with some many options .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  remove   downgrades
truth:  remove   point

test:  get the time of a remote host .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  retrieve a comment and optionally return a comment .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  retrieve   iterates
truth:  retrieve   comment

test:  migrate the database to version or the most recent version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  we try to mock and makes a software response .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  decode each string in the series/index by indicated every three character in the series/index character .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  parses a piece of text into an array of headers .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  retrieve the most appropriate urls for a given type .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  the root email address .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  split a pathname into a drive .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  parameters _type : list of pairs to send to the lower groups in params dictionary .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   display
truth:  test   print

test:  open the connection to a custom channel .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  redirects   feeds
truth:  redirects   stderr

test:  checks if dipy is not found .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test that when user can run on m .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  attempt to get a db .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   reencrypt
truth:  get   start

test:  create the file at path path .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  check if the given key has a s-lstm formatted for the given key .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  recursively convert tokens in token tokens to strings .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether a email set to receive emails about their activity .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  returns the version string of the git git .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  browse the regular html generated by the page at the provided html .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  open   equate
truth:  open   browser

test:  determines whether the request is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  convert a number of strings and an html fragment .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  function   offset
truth:  function   parameters

test:  fill the register operation with the state of the normal package .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   responds
truth:  queries   database

test:  given a mapping of sequences .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the test fails with timeout on timeout .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  redirects to the current user .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  named   usage_key_string
truth:  named   view

test:  create a testsuite for the unittest test suite .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  visit   carry
truth:  visit   test

test:  return a list of absolute modules in the package containing all the filenames for the given package .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  this calls the windows regqueryvalueex function in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  calls   calculate
truth:  calls   windows

test:  returns the path of the file containing the given path .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  perform morphological nl of an image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  get an open error message .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  serialize   encapsulate
truth:  serialize   instance

test:  tests retrieving a search .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  tests   dos
truth:  tests   search

test:  ensure empty character do not break the console .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  rendering   regroups
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset network to network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   clones
truth:  reset   server

test:  make a string to identify special characters .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  turn   shared
truth:  turn   string

test:  modify the nonsingular as a endpoints of a nonsingular vmax .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  ensure   reuse
truth:  ensure   endpoints

test:  return a list of all known directories to the system .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  this will store the current timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  stores   stores
truth:  stores   name

test:  creates an internal greater than or equal constraint .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   carves
truth:  creates   constraint

test:  create a staff .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  somebody connected to the current home page .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   share
truth:  connected   homepage

test:  check whether linear parameters and is isomorphic .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  determines   joins
truth:  determines   cluster

test:  download a zip plugin .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  download   identifies
truth:  download   plugin

test:  commit a repo .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  create   disappear
truth:  create   commit

test:  skip test if all tests are a duplicates .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  sorts the common triangle in a list with pivot .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  return all schema information about all influxdb roles in a port .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  wait for a command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  test mne average mpmath files .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  upgrade the ovs header for an history or boto3 release with boto3 .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  migrate   restoring
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get information about a group cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  collocation test for maxima rather than the standard error in a maxima .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return the subgraph induced by nodes passing crust .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   initalize
truth:  return   k

test:  serialize python object into its textual representation .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  serialize   enhanced
truth:  serialize   object

test:  from url :codeauthor: tim vs url .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an ipython discrete variable .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  read the string in the tree .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  create a document that will normally be used by asg with a session .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   command
truth:  create   session

test:  lettuce can .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  default   turn
truth:  default   case

test:  gets sid from the specified name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  context manager that asserts that the specified values are in a c set .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  modify   unquoting
truth:  modify   environment

test:  write 20 tweets sampled from the public streaming api to a file .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  sample   supplied
truth:  sample   api

test:  restrict the value into a generic kodi set .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  reduce dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  set the security groups for the specified security group .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  modifies   inits
truth:  modifies   security

test:  the acknowledged about some hashdb url .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  prints   wake
truth:  prints   msg

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   extract
truth:  removes   version

test:  recursively replace db replace .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  replace   supplied
truth:  replace   api

test:  list associated associated role cli example: .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  download options from the current user to the userena_mugshot_path command .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  reads a path within the user-specific datastore .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  constructs   define
truth:  constructs   path

test:  converts depth into rst vector this is abstracted 5d .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  stores binary file to a sff file .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  compute the tree using a modified matrix .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   transliterate
truth:  compute   variable

test:  helper for formatting between two nodes .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  handle the results of a dataset .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  select   pick
truth:  select   callback

test:  determines if a review request has access .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wait for a vm to return .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  assert needles needles by needles some needles are those in the correct order .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  assert   corrupts
truth:  assert   terms

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a window with a simple hamming shape .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  given a path .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  resolves   define
truth:  resolves   path

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   binhexed
truth:  execute   tests

test:  update a lineage lineage .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  add intersections of the line with the loops .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  get the cloudwatchevents and load configuration of the master .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  returns a list of announcement courses according to the announcement passed .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sorts   disconnect
truth:  sorts   courses

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  pulls   corresponding
truth:  pulls   wheel

test:  read the best within a chain .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  updates   proposed
truth:  updates   chain

test:  decorator to count calls to update a volume .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  lock   break
truth:  lock   operations

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  cancels   pulls
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts label to binary representation .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   inhibit
truth:  converts   label

test:  parse a 0/total_size:1g xml file into a leaf .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  test   exit
truth:  test   handling

test:  check to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  check   deserializes
truth:  check   pyenv

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  given a search dict .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  halt the execution of a different spawned thread .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  suspend   vms
truth:  suspend   thread

test:  standard error is well-formed in pdf window .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  returns the elements of the sequences that are in powerlaw .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   returned
truth:  returns   numbers

test:  check that the line and/or private list of info is still a line numbers and should check the same format .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   small_stmts
truth:  checks   line

test:  returns a dictionary stripped whether or not the given date is a list of strings .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  parse   sign
truth:  parse   pair

test:  sets the float format .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  alter   pings
truth:  alter   behavior

test:  get the system packages for the package specified by the environment .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  paging request type pseudo section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  paging   alignment
truth:  paging   section

test:  perform the covariance m step for mstep .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  returns the url for an api .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update deserialized from srcpath and backref as resource in dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  list the current startup disks disks .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  build the subscription subscription .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   stops
truth:  create   topic

test:  generates a cache instance for a entity in the database .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  xor   currents
truth:  xor   state

test:  return marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  transform an index to zero or more than dtype is put .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  given   destroy
truth:  given   dtype

test:  get current reference to media descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   prompt
truth:  get   locator

test:  parse the type from the expression .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  returns   preserve
truth:  returns   int

test:  encode a list .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   export
truth:  encode   tuple

test:  parse a query given an object to the esxi host and return it .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  print   update
truth:  print   knowledge

test:  find the size of a given path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert ioerrors to rational .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   making
truth:  converts   float

test:  a 307 temporary redirect redirect .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  pulls   asserting
truth:  pulls   redirect

test:  courses controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  tests that the four possible ways of the same rng methods are theano .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns a vector of unique labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   format
truth:  converts   parameter

test:  download data from a url to a url .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  reverse playlist .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  reverse   limiting
truth:  reverse   order

test:  select the nodes with the lowest aspath path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  transforms elements from zero to the set of values in iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  turns   restrict
truth:  turns   array

test:  return the given language code .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   pulls
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  add a tzinfo instance to local tzinfo .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  returns the default directory path .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  provide   pings
truth:  provide   behavior

test:  md5sum a string representation of the specified str .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  md5sum   trying
truth:  md5sum   basestring

test:  print the summary of a transactions .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  iterates over validation .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  prefix   randomise
truth:  prefix   message

test:  set the config file during a binary .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  start a celery command line options .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  pulls   polishing
truth:  pulls   celery

test:  adds a custom build tool shed results .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  add   labeled
truth:  add   file

test:  enforce a nice structure on the configuration files .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  class="noinclude"> a private key .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  manage   wheter
truth:  manage   existence

test:  deactivate videos certificates for all students certificate .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  regenerate   allocate
truth:  regenerate   user

test:  filename or create a vector vector .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  pulls   smooth
truth:  pulls   vector

test:  populate a dictionary .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  populate   highlight
truth:  populate   row

test:  write a table as a normal simplerst table with no padding .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  saves one or more elements into a tensor .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   blocking
truth:  merge   outputs

test:  modify the allowed from settings and returns a list of principals values that can be included as the signer has the signer .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this function provides the end date and fetches the printed message to the given dateparser .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  determines if obj is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  returns all the files in a folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  compute gradient gradient for go through the gradient of the graph .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  field_seq : function sep field_seq | function | enum_item .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  internal registration on all available pyglet .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clears   fitnesse
truth:  clears   events

test:  test that gaussianvislayer .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  add the description of markdown into markdown description .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  setup the output_root diskfile tv platform .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   emit
truth:  setup   access

test:  call c{f} in a subprocess call .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  generate a list of csv fields for a series of series .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  figure   review
truth:  figure   keys

test:  escape & .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replaces   flashes
truth:  replaces   characters

test:  modify a field for the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  remove   tile
truth:  remove   information

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  turn a rule into a tree of expressions .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   put
truth:  compose   rules

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  the function to add x arguments to the average of a function .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  generate the resolver and domain its domain .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a version of that are ordered in that unquoted:: some numbers .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  diff   skip
truth:  diff   difference

test:  returns the path to the directory where the file is located .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  input   encapsulate
truth:  input   instance

test:  start debugging from pdbimport .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns a entity object .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  ignore   turn
truth:  ignore   case

test:  cleanup all dirs/files to regain a clean state .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   forced
truth:  cleanup   artifacts

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  selected a remote server using the remote log file .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  transfer   pulls
truth:  transfer   null

test:  given a url and a query parameter .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  order by methods .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the average of the next datapoint in cumulative distribution is farther than three standard deviations out in cumulative mean .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  checks that we can find map names .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   popup
truth:  test   effects

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test whether an object is an instance of int .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  given a currency then warning: the currency to a value by stripping it as stored in sales .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  adds   duplicates
truth:  adds   symbol

test:  check if shuffler service is available .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  deletes a key from etcd .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  deletes   listen
truth:  deletes   key

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  returns a formstyle for the incident of a widget .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  url   overlap
truth:  url   encode

test:  check that something expressed in the coordinate list are mapped as expected .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  cms series expansion of series .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create an subgraph from the subgraph :type value: string .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  return   compresses
truth:  return   statement

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately inside parentheses .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  decorator to add a class with a metaclass .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  monkeypatch   walks
truth:  monkeypatch   metaclass

test:  copy data from a source and all stat .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  convert   mutes
truth:  convert   app

test:  convert all lines in a docstring into lines using the given docstring .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  fill   reported
truth:  fill   function

test:  returns the configured site root of the hadoop .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  return   sql

test:  try to do not return an http server .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  initialize urls for 'base-url' .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  check download_dir vs for incomplete vs .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generator function which iterates through the search query ids .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  search   dos
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file into .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  show state data from salt with pillar data and display it custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   restoring
truth:  retrieve   data

test:  turn an adapter into linear table format and destination as a list of dicts .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  list   undoes
truth:  list   routes

test:  return an array of weighted stable percentile from the given percentile .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  compute   applies
truth:  compute   percentile

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   clones
truth:  initialize   server

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read 8bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   cleaning
truth:  read   matrix

test:  run before running tests .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  executed   batch
truth:  executed   code

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the generalized gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   pushing
truth:  load   model

test:  adds given signature with an argument .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  bind   instantiate
truth:  bind   arguments

test:  checks whether a file exists .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  prints binary number of lines for each item in obj .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps a method to define the inbox if the request is not a templateresponse .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  return the first folder of a job id .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  starting   pulls
truth:  starting   null

test:  like mkdir -p .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  return a list of absolute path relative to the tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  transforms the given clip into some kind of the clip .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  transforms   pair
truth:  transforms   photo

test:  get a filter to check if a snapshot snapshot is being created from a cg snapshot .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  get   hits
truth:  get   filter

test:  return the full path to the active tarball for each container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prints any necessary grant .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  iterate   emit
truth:  iterate   access

test:  converts a given value to camel case .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  convert   clusters
truth:  convert   camel

test:  function to function function to function in order to function .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test getting completion for bash shell .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  test   enable
truth:  test   bash

test:  test that a javascript javascript has external with the javascript currently running in a javascript retain sampled .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  decorator that needs to be used in the test functions .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  pulls   share
truth:  pulls   homepage

test:  returns a dictionary product of merging the current site and the default value .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  scrub all bundled api parameters from the module .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  yaml: validating a string a string a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set up summary of evaluation .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  transfer two events to a given event .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  transfer   reallocation
truth:  transfer   collection

test:  return a list of the facet items from the given facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  unassign a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  return the singular element of a row between v2 and v2 arrays .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  correlation   host
truth:  correlation   numpy

test:  performs a sanity search suggestion for a given mime-type .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  searches   clones
truth:  searches   server

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return a llvm record as a block of the given numba type .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   restrict
truth:  create   array

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   converted
truth:  define   block

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  return the power of the matrix n .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  raise   cleaning
truth:  raise   matrix

test:  convert a date .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  set   suggests
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  expand a path name based on a windows path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  provides   define
truth:  provides   path

test:  ensure that the tests can be set with a nodedent .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  dedent   pulls
truth:  dedent   null

test:  returns path with an absolute path .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  resolve   hanging
truth:  resolve   variables

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  reset to the cached language if the database is supported or not .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  reset   changes
truth:  reset   languages

test:  yield detail to get rid of a string that exists in the auth .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   substitute
truth:  parse   records

test:  returns true if the given node seems to be imported .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  check   venonats
truth:  check   try

test:  orv == orv == orv(intersection) .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a normal collection .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  returns a dictionary consisting of the keys in the provided dict .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  run content after a shell command .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  testing the colorful output with many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  run the output of a subprocess .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  remove all the files matching a query directory .
truth: many builds . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  create cookie definition with string .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  creates   responds
truth:  creates   database

test:  services for deprecated .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  check that the named value is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  disable   unmask
truth:  disable   profiles

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  decorator to print out of the function .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the min cost of a network .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   hash
truth:  return   flow

test:  create the full theme inheritance theme including paths .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  extends over messages .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the lists of the unsorted line .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  return a string list of option names .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   capa
truth:  get   circle

test:  log a message usage:: log log the root logger .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  add a system .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  add   fixes
truth:  add   manager

test:  extract the current jdk version from a string .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   been
truth:  extracts   format

test:  run a bare application .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  determine whether the user is logged in this context .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   learns
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the configuration options passed to the master genrepo .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns a list of the names of all enabled plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  integration test for bucket naming issues this test .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  prepare data for json .
truth: compress json . 
test:  compress   aliased
truth:  compress   json

test:  context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr captured_stdout/stdin/stderr .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  make   inputhook
truth:  make   sys

test:  creates a srt file and returns its content .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  account   activate
truth:  account   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  use netmiko to change the logging buffer size on pynet-rtr2 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  returns a flat .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  pulls   mocks
truth:  pulls   scores

test:  special version of some colvilles exceptions .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  calculates the length hint of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  the vmx command to find the datacenter from the datacenter .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return whether a given ext .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  reverse the order of an item and a list .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  reverse   validating
truth:  reverse   clause

test:  adds an exploration to the rules for a given rule .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  resolves   pulls
truth:  resolves   null

test:  on balance correl .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  correlation   adds
truth:  correlation   r

test:  turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  modify all of the policy allows submitted submitted submitted a field to modify all of ccx courses in the course that they coach .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   unsqueeze
truth:  verifies   fixtures

test:  return true if the object is an instance of type types .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  train a parsed date data for it if it isnt present .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   automate
truth:  process   traffic

test:  get url for a request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return compiled list of compiled filters from configuration .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  checks sampleid of a sampleid of stored duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  flags   pulls
truth:  flags   null

test:  unpack a correct url to a bad hash .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  reapplies a repository into a url .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  use the show test that a multiplied django server .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  ensure a subnet group exists within the given subnet this function requires boto3 .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  parse and return request .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  try   knapsack
truth:  try   request

test:  normal continuous table with col witn chopped by col extent .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  fixed   bounds
truth:  fixed   table

test:  compute the dot product of two arrays .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  get a list of all the handler of the handler .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  create a constraint task and return a no-op .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   hits
truth:  create   filter

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download version should be a
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  merge the output of one or more advanced containing a single file listed in the given list of regexes views .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  prompt the value of a user from the the local variable .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  a helper function for sorting a single string .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  verifies we can complete to builtins .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  ensure   constrain
truth:  ensure   attribute

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in savez .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   attributes
truth:  saves   arrays

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   ellipsoid
truth:  remove   pool

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse a udevadm info query string and return tuple .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   populating
truth:  parse   info

test:  save configuration pdp to the current database .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  simple method to generate the percent matrix from a matrix .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require the configurations .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  project   forgot
truth:  project   project

test:  ensure that string is unicode .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  trivially let the beacon load for the test example .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  inspect the received list of repository_dependencies tuples and return an unordered list of repository_dependencies tuples .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the python version .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return a string specifying the bundled version of pip .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test that exception raises an exception when dim is not a wrong model exception .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  reads a file or a list of files .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  verify   switch
truth:  verify   list

test:  receive num video num to search .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   resultant
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a chordal graph using the edmonds-karp of g .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  return butterworth filter along with passed .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   acquiring
truth:  return   bessel

test:  given an exception .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  parse   preloading
truth:  parse   host

test:  redirects the user to main page .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  have   limiting
truth:  have   order

test:  change the root directory of this directory .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  callback invoked when a command has been completed .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check f color on the domain value .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  formats an icon for the given exploration summary .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   coordinates
truth:  given   exploration

test:  check if user has staff access to a staff access .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  returns   score
truth:  returns   staff

test:  invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} instance .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  import and return source .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  import   batch
truth:  import   code

test:  run a traffic server .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  compute the predicted .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  take an index type passed to slice .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached process with ok=false .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  decorator for methods which should only be used with a review review .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  returns a list of typical tags for a visual .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  extract   drawing
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  create a zfs for a file using zfs install .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return the unix repr of a given demos flag .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  return   chown
truth:  return   loop

test:  split a function into two sub arrays in the range that we represent the index .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  map   reveal
truth:  map   sequence

test:  return an object corresponding to the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  filters all the scripts that can be used to compress files .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  crumb for a date .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  uses the logging system parameters .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  is this the string a valid package into a python file .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  transform source line into :(%) .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup bench for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  add   switch
truth:  add   list

test:  test reading and writing of datadef files .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  unserialize extra array sfunc .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the web page expansion help .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   xfail
truth:  return   help

test:  given an array of zeros .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  allocate   reconstructs
truth:  allocate   ndarray

test:  save and save a task definition .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  a vastly simplified socket with the drawing drawing drawing drawing and an available ssl instance .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate true/false about the url for the given sidebar .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of all users by the user .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return the add part of f .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   pulls
truth:  align   null

test:  delete the tags associated with an elb .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  add   drawing
truth:  add   tags

test:  create a widget and apply text to the textbrowser .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get all all agent in a pr .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   reading
truth:  get   agent

test:  check whether there are any of the highest chars .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  modify auto extensions for a specific periodic .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  link to a unique issue in the issue .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  dummy view to extract the hubble nodes from hubble .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  just like eliot this catalog should raise valueerror if the catalog cannot be ok .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  queries the list of writebyproteinrec for this shuup magic types .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   assign
truth:  load   requests

test:  create keyring status cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  retrieves the url for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  creates a config spec for the specified id .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  add an http response to response .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  returns true if a node is eligible .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  check   looping
truth:  check   node

test:  returns a dictionary mapping information about an xblocks score and its children .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the certs ca m-search to find the certs ca executable name .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  uses johnsons algorithm to gamma a neighbor .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  find   logs
truth:  find   vertices

test:  converts a posix timestamp into a datetime object .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   containing
truth:  create   ip

test:  parse a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  scale diag(d) j .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  scale   pulls
truth:  scale   null

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars characters .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   preprocessing
truth:  generate   char

test:  compute the mnist factorization of a univariate polynomial in sparse matrices .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  samples   reported
truth:  samples   function

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   pts
truth:  sends   rpc

test:  makes eager for rpc .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attempt to remove the directory .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  decorate all numtips rules from a tree .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  function   sparks
truth:  function   number

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  set the sql configuration for a postgres backend .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  context manager to temporarily disable a threadsafe threadsafe .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   phred
truth:  clear   caches

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  a little wrapper that is existing more advanced .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  pulls   assigned
truth:  pulls   room

test:  a custom stack must be added as same .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  stack   switch
truth:  stack   list

test:  save an image to a tarball .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  showing   forwards
truth:  showing   image

test:  validates that the file-upload parameter to a given value is a valid one of the given value .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   format
truth:  validate   parameter

test:  return threshold value based on the yens histogram .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   rrmgr
truth:  return   threshold

test:  create the css file .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  print   preload
truth:  print   content

test:  decorator to perform a wsgi application .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  make   float
truth:  make   decorator

test:  construct an api xrd:service dictionary containing a sample entry from sample .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  a pacifictime addition .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  generate   pass
truth:  generate   document

test:  test that expired and session cookies are changed .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   fileformat
truth:  test   self

test:  add a simp for the given operator .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  takes   corrupts
truth:  takes   terms

test:  creates a fake callable for a dummy function .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace -> string return a copy of the string s with only its first whitespace removed .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  return   modified
truth:  return   lowercase

test:  create private verify live cacert .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  validate   gunzip
truth:  validate   certificates

test:  disconnect a host to a host or in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  disconnect   grouping
truth:  disconnect   system

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type return .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  update a computenode or raise if it does not exist or update .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  walks the workflow nodes from every object .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  prepare   increase
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  wrap list of source files into a dict .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  accepts   svn
truth:  accepts   dicts

test:  linearly model .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  initialize the repo .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  logs   reported
truth:  logs   function

test:  reconstruct skeleton from pyserial and merge z .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  reconstruct   bench
truth:  reconstruct   value

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  harmless app .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  point   attempt
truth:  point   extension

test:  get the group details for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  converts a string to a date .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  decorator for methods that are not only on minions if the driver is not available .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  ensure   trending
truth:  ensure   driver

test:  creates a channel with the current grpc transport for each grpc .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  creates   overrides
truth:  creates   channel

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  creates a folder and installs all its contents .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   files
truth:  run   check

test:  returns the default help help command for each file .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  apply   xfail
truth:  apply   help

test:  add disk profile .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  gather   plan
truth:  gather   profile

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convert a file name in the form of: to a relative file name .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  test installing current tool with pypi from pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  set the suspend module to be used for the current thread .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  strategy for canonicalization apply each rule in a bottom_up fashion through the *rules .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that when you call "show .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  returns effects of a sequence .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  given   popup
truth:  given   effects

test:  search for an user in the system .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  check a hex colors .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  shorten   dump
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer | float .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   round
truth:  computes   polynomials

test:  escape any important values .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escapes   gauss
truth:  escapes   strings

test:  calculates the central vector of central estimate from the central matrix given in sparse order import .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   rescanning
truth:  return   weights

test:  returns a deprecated in x .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  encrypt data with aes using the secret key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  only for macos with moduleonlyworksonmac module installed .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  returns an array of model items that correspond to the selected qtreewidgetitem children .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  plot the time series plot of the month .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  returns the calculated file .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  the initial state of the initial state job id that has an initial taps .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  wrap   transliterate
truth:  wrap   variable

test:  show the zarp image with the given name .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  create and write contents to a file .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  returns a modelformset for the given model .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  install a "package" on the node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  convert a string in the form ex: .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  attempt   shared
truth:  attempt   string

test:  get all available transcripts transcripts .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  replaces   documents
truth:  replaces   transcripts

test:  convert a given url to local path .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  clears globally installed manager configuration .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clear   synchronizes
truth:  clear   callbacks

test:  destroy the given cred_name .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  marks   pulls
truth:  marks   null

test:  return thrift_library argument of argument .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replaces   utf-8
truth:  replaces   argument

test:  convert a string to bitlist .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  transform   shared
truth:  transform   string

test:  set whether kb is a rest http request .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  makes   extract
truth:  makes   version

test:  constant_expression : conditional_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  this function is required because lazily development by alignment with letters .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  join two lists into one list .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an ipv4 address to a float .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a list of all the keys found in this vmware environment .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  maintain   switch
truth:  maintain   list

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  validate settings on the settings .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  checks   lambda
truth:  checks   django

test:  apply the output to a text .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  formats   emits
truth:  formats   definition

test:  initiate a redirects of http request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   knapsack
truth:  initiate   request

test:  edit a media media media draft form .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   slave_open
truth:  edit   media

test:  computes the squared corresponding to a given floating point value .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  computes   assuming
truth:  computes   norm

test:  revoke a task by type .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  terminate   requesting
truth:  terminate   i

test:  for an opcode argument into a class .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  marks a test as an expected failure in django .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  pulls   left
truth:  pulls   bug

test:  returns the number of bytes required to aliased .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  return the first add containing a list of the kroneckerdeltas .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  for exploration with an exploration that is saved for the given model .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  add func on all values recurisively discovering dict .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  executes   exposes
truth:  executes   values

test:  parse the arguments .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  ask hostname for a hosts to a hosts .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolves   stores
truth:  resolves   name

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  aux function .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  compute   permutates
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  performs lint search on rsa key n .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  return   sends
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the password cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  reset   reduced
truth:  reset   cli

test:  search all the paths and find files in the given directory that should be returned .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  finds   ip
truth:  finds   paths

test:  add hosts to label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   prefilled
truth:  add   hosts

test:  check password file with authentication .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  convenience function for returning multiple topic tree nodes for use in rendering content .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  turns an index file into a standard index .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  index   intended
truth:  index   letter

test:  registers the codecs codecs .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  enable   r^2
truth:  enable   form

test:  encodes string s to utf-8 encoded words .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  pulls   picks
truth:  pulls   reason

test:  returns the clique complement of g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  find   direct
truth:  find   clique

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   querying
truth:  callback   actions

test:  yaml: bitbucket execute a job when bitbucket or command fails .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a simple helper function to convert a dict of ascii keys .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  convert   forbid
truth:  convert   options

test:  get the inset points of the inset points inside the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  change form of a user .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  save   r^2
truth:  save   form

test:  read a run-length encoded string and return the bytes .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   meet
truth:  test   legend

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  return system information cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  test some doc methods .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert altz to utctz .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new specific endpoint .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  busy a path .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  evaluate an integer in source format to class .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  list available zones for the configured profile cli example: .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  get the key id for the given key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  given a launch url .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  get all the modules of all the modules .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  check that the execution: type is a test case .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  save a csr to a csr or local key .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   sleep
truth:  validate   files

test:  fixture providing a fake stub stub for win_id stub .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  test %reset in ip addresses .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   consists
truth:  test   reset

test:  patches a log10 with some parsing .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  show the current gdb which the predefined file in kb .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  adds the documentation for a given segments to the given segments .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  return the a string where the given alias is a dictionary .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  return a canceler 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  if dhcp exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  check   cause
truth:  check   option

test:  escape & .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  return the text of a file in the markdown folder .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  delete an apikey api key .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  running the "harvest" limit on all apps in app with lettuce_avoid_apps .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  returns the value rounded a given precision .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  rounding   gauss
truth:  rounding   strings

test:  this will be an object from the s3 database .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get movie play media player .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   imsave
truth:  run   profiler

test:  creates definitions for a resource .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  removes a record .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   clip
truth:  remove   record

test:  get the string name of the model to be used in the model module .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  recursively generate the data common to a nested serializer .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  give   generate
truth:  give   users

test:  clean the global state from the subsystem .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  resets   currents
truth:  resets   state

test:  decorator to make a staff user .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  trash trash .
truth: remove message . 
test:  remove   randomise
truth:  remove   message

test:  check if the given headers is a websocket of headers .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  determine   lstrip
truth:  determine   set

test:  print out the site configuration from the registry .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   sleep
truth:  print   files

test:  this function is called from the gui .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  run   mutes
truth:  run   app

test:  max pooling pool .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   restores
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns docinfo arguments for run tests .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  make sure hponcfg tool is accessible .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  return the sets of sets that have been environment variable .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  returns a functionloader .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  execute the salt module .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  this is a wrapper around numpy array to get the size of a given type .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  helper function for checking if the list of ignored names .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  take a string and expand windows data into a list of "clock" .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  update the base library directory .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   allocate
truth:  update   user

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  determine github url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  compute the nth polynomial of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  construct   indicate
truth:  construct   polynomial

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  create a new workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  activate   initializing
truth:  activate   trigger

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  masking users group .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   decide
truth:  add   groups

test:  retrieve and return the aggregated aggregated data for a given username .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert zmq version of n to integer .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  get   export
truth:  get   tuple

test:  integrate plugins to the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   colorized
truth:  integrate   context

test:  returns a random value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  creates a temporary file and returns the config_string .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  works   pulls
truth:  works   null

test:  computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   undeploy
truth:  computes   prs

test:  retry calling func attempts http server .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the current fqdn .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the hardware architecture of the machine .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  convert fits format to integer .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   simulate
truth:  convert   spec

test:  creates a angle of the given entity .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  return a generator of remains if there is false .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  checks   were
truth:  checks   property

test:  builds the dummy vm vm spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   hostname
truth:  builds   vm

test:  fatemans conversion of the control error handling .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  simulate   flip
truth:  simulate   python

test:  modifies a view function so that its response has the csrf header set to exempt from csrf .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  convert a datetime .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   matching
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  same as bcpy .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   collecting
truth:  copy   b

test:  create a random signature of encoded params .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  calculate   tell
truth:  calculate   signature

test:  returns the correlation coefficient of the median along the given axis .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  factor a square-free polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  return the user name or a string containing a specific username .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  search for oauth requests for known user .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  makes   pts
truth:  makes   rpc

test:  alternative implementation of extra url .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadata-schema namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   guessing
truth:  create   namespace

test:  restful crud widgets from normal form a list of comments to users self-tests .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  if the view is a mobile api call .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  set the group module if the os linux .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  parse a list of steps into .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   unroll
truth:  parse   steps

test:  draw a network diagram in a multiprocess file .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   killed
truth:  draws   network

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  converts a string to a list of pairs .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  decorator to generate the underlying instance methods that the test .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  get all the random availability platform to a release system .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   multistringwidget
truth:  return   win32

test:  remote threads .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  batch   deregister
truth:  batch   jobs

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   labels
truth:  return   transform

test:  it automatically converts a url to a file .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   access
truth:  downloads   url

test:  email to notify a recipients wsgi-function for the given note .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  set the url of the api running sabnzbd instance .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   given
truth:  set   register

test:  returns events for item / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   fitnesse
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs summary of background configuration .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  filters all model instances for document .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  walk   pulls
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the path of a resource .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  test get_version() when json is invalid .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get transaction probability transaction with a dictionary of numbers as a dictionary of features .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  execute   view
truth:  execute   q

test:  get zeros with start and make sense available for use in order .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate hash hash algorithm .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   hover
truth:  test   bytes

test:  status edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : simple_stmt | newline | newline | newline | const_list | const_map | newline .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove the column from a namespace component .
truth: clean component . 
test:  clean   msg
truth:  clean   component

test:  helper function that returns a dict of headers that can reference request .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   review
truth:  encode   keys

test:  used to get an existing site configuration .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get a list of packages .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  returns   simplifies
truth:  returns   packages

test:  empty trash .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  empty   suggest
truth:  empty   folder

test:  return the function threaded threaded .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  tests that the hash hashing method creates the hash used to identify the review store .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  return true if we have the named input .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  convert   inplace
truth:  convert   ovs

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  parse a __doc__ string and return the results as tuple .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  create   loved
truth:  create   doc

test:  generator that yields all files under recursive glob .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  walk   resample
truth:  walk   directories

test:  test that latex/aastex can be initialized with **celestial** in different places .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   smash
truth:  test   corner

test:  returns the harmonic moment of the given lists .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   preface
truth:  returns   degree

test:  update the functions in the area of area .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   gzipped
truth:  update   completion

test:  returns an attribute from a dictionary .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  fixes   constrain
truth:  fixes   attribute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  destroy a worker or raise exception if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  parse and display the given apache .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  input   decorating
truth:  input   log

test:  generate metadefinition backend for an stochastic backend .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert a list of file into the list of files .
truth: by default . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  convert a mac address in canonical format to a python int or none .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   iuploader
truth:  reverse   lookup

test:  this is a python module to import content from a file in a ast .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  use attribute from private class .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  capture   allocate
truth:  capture   user

test:  register a new output output .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  registers   override
truth:  registers   converter

test:  release an interface to a device .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   paging
truth:  release   interface

test:  set the stonith name for nodes in a cluster .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   negate
truth:  ensure   resource

test:  displays all the action actions for a given rendered .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   querying
truth:  render   actions

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if the matrix examples is a hermitian or is a hermitian .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  checks   cleaning
truth:  checks   matrix

test:  verifying the output with expected results for inverse logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   flattens
truth:  verifying   output

test:  test that "checkerboard" template parsing doesnt segfault when an exception occurs .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   contrasts
truth:  sign   digest

test:  enable the rdp service and make sure access to the rdp port is disabled in the firewall configuration .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  a decorator that ensures a function has a transaction .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  make sure that comment special comments are ignored at the end of fields .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function does nothing .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes and encodes to base64 format .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  pickle   bench
truth:  pickle   value

test:  merge the dictionaries into one of the pil .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  copy   svn
truth:  copy   dicts

test:  check if bracket is a mt .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  check   profile
truth:  check   theme

test:  determine if the line has a ieee file .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write a message to the logs buffer .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  adds   checking
truth:  adds   logs

test:  check if all apps that have been changed .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  contact if a keyspace exists in cassandra .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  check   sorting
truth:  check   keyspace

test:  reduce a generator that iterates items of a given iterator .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  reduces   exposes
truth:  reduces   values

test:  check a file target: for the path .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  returns a list of partitions from a partition .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  pulls   collects
truth:  pulls   count

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return the discards closest closest closest file path to one or more friends .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  generate the error error .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  get a filename .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  executes the rpm on every tree .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  test an identityinterface join .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   input_string
truth:  test   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  find the binary classification and return a binary .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  close logger for all logs .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  closes   lets
truth:  closes   handler

test:  def links for adding a meta to the meta here for an page .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  check that mysql if mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   fleiss
truth:  check   mysql

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  ensure we can compile error in tricky error .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   capturing
truth:  ensure   error

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  derivative of the antiderivative of x and y .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  reads the binary classification string of a given binary .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   see
truth:  compute   factors

test:  returns the current git version .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  based   pulls
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  this:: from a callable of assert assert that bubbles can be executed in a single concatenated and fail in future .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  solves   construct
truth:  solves   kind

test:  attempt to determine whether usign is a version of two rsa .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  decorator for notify methods to the specified instance .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  cache   forms
truth:  cache   result

test:  http server and return a wsgi server and a network port .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  the constraints is supported in the constraints .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  get the float .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   from_value
truth:  get   cascade

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return secret_key of your app .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   mutes
truth:  return   app

test:  determine main loop of the last update to clean the path .
truth: main loop . 
test:  loop   chown
truth:  loop   loop

test:  send an http request via the given http request .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   parse
truth:  perform   jid

test:  try to open a template file using the given path and source code .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  require   bartels
truth:  require   contents

test:  return the maximum of the supplied parameters .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   formatted
truth:  computes   rate

test:  downgrade a v3 setting for chooses values for html .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  check to see if nictag is installed cli example: .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  efficiently multiply f by the number of f in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   solving
truth:  evaluate   composition

test:  dump the ipsum ipsum very hard if they are present .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  combine   unmask
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a path to the full path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  updates all arrays by lvm .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  this function will truncate the elements of the database .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  turn a list of tuples into a tuple of the form each item in a query parameters .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns whether the object passed to the descriptor .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  return a list of users that contain a users profile .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  opencl get_work_dim() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a single test .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  returns imports in the project .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  shortcut   permutes
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  creates a sparse matrix from diagonals diagonals .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  construct multiple partitions from a list of connectivity .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  specify   regroup
truth:  specify   subsets

test:  load an email token from the last value .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  retrieves   enhanced
truth:  retrieves   object

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  test   analyze
truth:  test   copy

test:  merge multiple volume bindings .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  creates or create group .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   autoreleased
truth:  creates   types

test:  read kit 4-byte operation from file to fif fif .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  adds a send flag email task into the task queue .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  adds   coordinates
truth:  adds   exploration

test:  calculates the value of a sorted variable from *n* .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  start a celery worker in a vcenter .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  return the right test shared file with the right dot .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  determine if the structure of the specified memlen type is a memlen .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  verify   offset
truth:  verify   parameters

test:  check two lists of old agree .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   decoding
truth:  check   lists

test:  strip if the value is a string .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  parse a np string into a tuple .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  strips   exposes
truth:  strips   values

test:  return a default locale .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  default   raise
truth:  default   term

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  show a product list page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   pulls
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  scale and return the image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  walk through many files .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  contructs the child of the trees is the slices of the block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  create a file from a cache file .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns the default fetch deadline for current thread .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the version of the named package version or installation version string .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  decorator that needs to be used in the test functions .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  get the current time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  retrieve   support
truth:  retrieve   time

test:  reindex a python object .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  create a password .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to aws walrus :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  send step to see if the response has been created .
truth: send create database . 
test:  send   responds
truth:  send   database

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  delete the namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  get a list of existing ssh id for each user .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  this is called only when the server starts "cold" .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   dos
truth:  return   search

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  locate a given existing logical name the name of the package to display checkblk cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the result of a result from the given tag .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  gets   understemmed
truth:  gets   results

test:  return the network configuration .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   track
truth:  get   top

test:  list profiles for default profiles cli example: .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   unmask
truth:  list   profiles

test:  list installed extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  simple wrapper to yield a set of type strings .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  builds   teardown
truth:  builds   type

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  run docker command on docker .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  prefix   raising
truth:  prefix   docker

test:  return the request instance .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a protocol instance from a normally external un-called and instantiates inside it .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  wrap   spawns
truth:  wrap   endpoint

test:  convert list to a native list by boxing it in a list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  lead field sums products using legendre polynomial series .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  pulls   waveform
truth:  pulls   products

test:  static view view .
truth: module view . 
test:  module   usage_key_string
truth:  module   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  command   compose
truth:  command   usage

test:  wraps technical 500 .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  creates an event on an event .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  zca of the principal components of x to a principal type .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  returns the in/out expression with curve field on a particular curve .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   small_stmts
truth:  compute   line

test:  return a 2-tuple containing .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  search   shared
truth:  search   string

test:  trims the smallest and largest data values from the given axis .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   restoring
truth:  trims   data

test:  for each sample id of the alphabet .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  computes the capped mean squared error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  check a hash of a string s .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  display   temperature
truth:  display   date

test:  write a string to xml .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   autoencoder
truth:  write   xml

test:  add a request to a given request path .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   reported
truth:  checks   function

test:  save and update the data image .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  connect to an existing database .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  const_value : intconstant | dubconstant | const_list | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears a clears the current dag task instances .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  remove   borrowed
truth:  remove   instances

test:  return an astroid string of the given object as a string .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  get   loved
truth:  get   doc

test:  ensure that s does not string .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  parse a tree or a tuple .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  upload a run on a uploads file .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the current username for the current thread .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  test installing current package with a package .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  asynchronously fetch a data structure of the application indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  test module importer .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   tear
truth:  test   module

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  creates a new bit array out of the given number .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  a wrapper around the given tag .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  get a new inventory inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  download the given data to a file .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  return a finder string of an lru cache .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  train a simple test .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  normalize an http string .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove a block device from the instance .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  send   reassemble
truth:  send   compute

test:  decorator to count calls to the function .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  add   reported
truth:  add   function

test:  check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  return a datetime for use in a sparse_features string .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  get the date layers of a certificate .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  creates a dictionary of issues issues from dictionary into a dict of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  convert   augments
truth:  convert   issues

test:  returns the string of a given context .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  multiply the transpose of the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  applies   bench
truth:  applies   value

test:  iterate over all example files and directories .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  yield   prettyprint
truth:  yield   examples

test:  adds a collection .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  add allocated_id to the value for header table .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  function   flattening
truth:  function   field

test:  decorate a function to be called when it is called .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  make   loved
truth:  make   doc

test:  splituser --> host .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize the configuration to a geos json stream .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  configures   aliased
truth:  configures   json

test:  shutdown a named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  solves general diophantine equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  sync icon from the app icon .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  sync   mutes
truth:  sync   app

test:  extract image patch onto a current image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extract   dumping
truth:  extract   patch

test:  generate an entry point for the specified backend .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  default   fold
truth:  default   backend

test:  only load if the traffic server is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  run optimised in default mode .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts an ipv6 address in compact representation notation to rfc 1924 representation ;-) returns none on error in printable representation ;-) ;-) none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   based
truth:  converts   address

test:  tries to convert text to a byte string .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return path to binary .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  prefix   authorizes
truth:  prefix   command

test:  running the "harvest" limit with verbosity getting getting getting the "harvest" "harvest" .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  we should strip the service tags from the given module .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   building
truth:  check   tag

test:  return the click-through .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  finds all y and clusters for nvp nodes into a cluster in the past .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  create a sparse matrix of shape with shape .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  direct the plots against the plots at the given test .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  return the custom language setting for the logistic language .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  parses a group definition in a source space .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  compiles   rising
truth:  compiles   group

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   shut
truth:  register   checker

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  checks whether two lists are equal .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  return   chisquare
truth:  return   tuples

test:  wipe the job status in the given disk .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  wipe   pulls
truth:  wipe   null

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   printing
truth:  return   locale

test:  create a fake .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  get the integer flag of the word after split line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   calculates
truth:  get   vertex

test:  @url single command line .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  failed   deregister
truth:  failed   jobs

test:  returns the calculated margin for a geometry and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  removes a given plugin from the system .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  removes   identifies
truth:  removes   plugin

test:  normalizes a some elements .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  change   looking
truth:  change   operator

test:  generate image shape with the same values as the diagonal of the input dtype .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  get   restrict
truth:  get   array

test:  return the number of followers of a dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   bench
truth:  synthesize   value

test:  internet internet access .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  parse a sample id to a new one sample id .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parses   optdict
truth:  parses   lines

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  send an email .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return the gradient of a frame .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   increment
truth:  returns   gradient

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  it should extract the source date for a source change .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   add
truth:  test   ps

test:  create and returns a json string representation of the given snapshot .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  extract links from http response headers we can parse: out of the header value .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   install
truth:  extract   response

test:  print out the given iterable and prints them in reverse order .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  load ip addresses from cidr inherit a cidr address .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  load   scaled
truth:  load   queue

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   switch
truth:  removes   list

test:  return a list of an elb connection to a specific database cli example: .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  finds and return error specifying the copy/paste config .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  make   unparsing
truth:  make   git

test:  send a "magic packet" to a device cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  sets the current thread name for the thread .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  make sure the cuda flag is not part of the provision test .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  is   downgrades
truth:  is   point

test:  imports from a file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  when we can ask the ask with a ask .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  creates an xml string for the xml class .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  morerules : morerules | ruleitem | morerules | morerules | morerules | morerules | morerules | morerules | morerules power expr .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  unload metadefinitions from the ipython extension .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  unload   attempt
truth:  unload   extension

test:  sets up a security group rule for the given group count .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   put
truth:  count   rules

test:  plot multiple influence in the triangulated for each triangulated .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   pushing
truth:  plot   model

test:  write a tunnel version of a remote tunnel .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  test that the effect linear ones! is false with bound to fit .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  parse the command line and return a list of available vm .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  set   exit
truth:  set   handling

test:  returns a string representing the number of all the ways that is active .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  util is a function .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  find the plist into a dictionary of the where params is a dictionary of matching parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  run a synchronous query w/ the results .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   xlsx
truth:  run   query

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add allocated_id to source field table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   search
truth:  add   d

test:  yaml: builds a build parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  pulls   proposed
truth:  pulls   chain

test:  atom : tuple | definition_type .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   pulls
truth:  atom   null

test:  returns a list of paragraphs to find broken preferred values .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  returns   re
truth:  returns   paragraphs

test:  returns a redirect to the given language .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  recursively resolves an object and type .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   enhanced
truth:  resolve   object

test:  returns a user id that a backend should be logged in .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  takes a list of incron to be installed via a users incrontab and writes it to the users incron cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  create a new project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  create a filename based on a python file .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  extract the maximum id from a list of maxid .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  convert a dedicated to a text3d containing the equivalent of the specified object(s) .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   dumping
truth:  convert   patch

test:  returns a dict of active config values .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   float
truth:  returns   decorator

test:  write the md5 hash of the specified file and digest to a digest key .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  pull api dev .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  receive   prioritized
truth:  receive   messages

test:  returns whether the input is absolute .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  changes the user size and block size .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   analyzes
truth:  set   size

test:  make a receipt from a receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  checks if a test is a unique exprssion .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  trigger   reencrypt
truth:  trigger   start

test:  value val to the highest values .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   grab
truth:  pulls   val

test:  returns the type of a class .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  register the function that the been executed .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  expand the amount of indentation into a single line .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  view all the limit of a user .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  display   does
truth:  display   tweets

test:  checks whether an ip address is a valid ip or a dictionary .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   xlsx
truth:  match   query

test:  register up a function that can be executed upon the given function .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  common code for cholesky() .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  pulls   duplicates
truth:  pulls   symbol

test:  given a remote method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using basic happy-path .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get host information for the user in clients .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  takes a list of data from a string and returns a dict of codenames data .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  create a bar data using :class:barbuilder <bokeh .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  brent -> value return the minimum of a function of one variable .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  given   reported
truth:  given   function

test:  validate the settings .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  download a handle to a file .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  download   remote
truth:  download   httpresponse

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string spaces become dots .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  parse a tvdb_id .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parses   stream
truth:  parses   returns

test:  perform multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   unignores
truth:  perform   patches

test:  returns a sizer for a message field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  creates a storage object from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  returns the size of the nodes in the graph .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  get the environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  get   accept
truth:  get   env

test:  get a specific file name for the given file .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  cast obj to unicode string .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  look up a table in the database .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  helper function to formats a list of tabs .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  takes   fileformat
truth:  takes   self

test:  check if the specified kernel module is available for the app .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns text annotations as a single string .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  helper function to connect to the database and return it .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  extract common subrois rules from a given file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  get the list of strings for some strings in the string .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the hypervolume hypervolume .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a string representing a phone number via a string .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  insert   sparks
truth:  insert   number

test:  set subscription subscription subscription .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  makes the tftpboot location .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  guesses   widening
truth:  guesses   location

test:  test that initializing of filtfilt .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tweak
truth:  test   replacement

test:  tests if the moonish index is prioritization with the correct column .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  validates   synchronize
truth:  validates   addresses

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  get the signature of a method given an instance .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  generates a sorted list of factors factors of the order .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  sort   scans
truth:  sort   pairs

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  convert a long int .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  returns the content from a guest to the guest .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  use   supplied
truth:  use   api

test:  setup the allowed security types for a allowed app .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   pulls
truth:  clear   null

test:  create a test log folder for use by tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  store a certificate from a local machine .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  add method to the methods table .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   specifies
truth:  add   methods

test:  require afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  compute the reasonable expression to construct ranges with ranges .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  make a client connection .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  insert a path into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   downgrades
truth:  insert   point

test:  plot ccpr results according to the table .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  add a url to a url .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  add   paginated
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test fetch .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  helper method that ensures that the schema passed to the list of schemas .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  import   restoring
truth:  import   data

test:  create a octahedron-shaped structuring element with the same length as the first x .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   debugging
truth:  generates   dataset

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   assume
truth:  accepts   header

test:  return shell_history information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  find the repository directory for the migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  check if a service is passing a passing status .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  given   point
truth:  given   status

test:  the address of 4 address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  a stack size to make sure that all .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  tests   expected
truth:  tests   stack

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  a list of matching tasks .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  list   shift
truth:  list   tasks

test:  used to recursively copy a list of all of files under the given directory .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  test that selectionchanged is not a set of model .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the vectorized version of a string .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  returns   feed
truth:  returns   entropy

test:  returns true if title is a title .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  projects   determine
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes belonging to a cache .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  query   aligns
truth:  query   volume

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  fake id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   linkify
truth:  generate   integer

test:  assert that the tpotclassifier predict function outputs a tpot .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  get the outline for a string .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  split a list into a list of non-empty parts .
truth: take a token . 
test:  take   scop
truth:  take   token

test:  returns a list of ntp peers on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   decline
truth:  returns   ntp

test:  return a list of the first bounds of bounds .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  convert   returned
truth:  convert   numbers

test:  read 32bit transform from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   labels
truth:  read   transform

test:  check if user must be created with a given campaign .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  landing   bring
truth:  landing   page

test:  indent text into a single space .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  parse ntlm header .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   assure
truth:  parse   challenge

test:  saves the results to a predictions file .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  given   forbids
truth:  given   predictions

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  use this function to set the users in a watch module .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  return a list of containers in the given environment .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  returns   paste
truth:  returns   containers

test:  returns a regular expression key which represents the given kind .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  estimate the conf clip inputs for the mean of the queried function .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  parses a hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   reveal
truth:  parses   sequence

test:  convert the elements of strings to strings .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  executes a blend crossover that modify in-place the input individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  update completions to the user .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  create   limiting
truth:  create   order

test:  helper method to reverse a filename in a order of shape .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this makes a model on the given model class .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   safe_octal
truth:  test   class

test:  retrieve the footer from the workaround mobile account .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  append   sampled
truth:  append   footer

test:  find a consistent name and return its persistentstate version .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  lookup   stores
truth:  lookup   name

test:  the signal-to-noise ratio of the input data .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  calculates   dumps
truth:  calculates   signal

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   snaps
truth:  write   pid

test:  determine if the text is decltype() the baseline node .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  doji star .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  pulls   safe_peekline
truth:  pulls   star

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get the spider loader class definitions based on the class settings .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  context manager that temporarily disable changed for all configuration variables .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   updates
truth:  builds   wsgi

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   completes
truth:  creates   budget

test:  convert an integer to a varint and write it using the 127 .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  return a humanized document from a option-parser or just a single document .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns whether source string is a valid python string or a string .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  strips the dm-verity from the strips list of checking that  contains the same names as the cell .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  takes   lstrip
truth:  takes   set

test:  returns an ordereddict of blobinfo and a dict of a list of blocks information about each subsection blocks .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns the product of the elements in the given list .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob with a new encryption key .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  ensure that the source is a valid instance_types .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  ensure   unlocking
truth:  ensure   source

test:  return the difference of the pipe element with w removed .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   nested
truth:  return   segment

test:  create a new process for this script .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  execute   prettify
truth:  execute   process

test:  helper function for executing a batch .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  launch a win32/win64 .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  launch   clones
truth:  launch   server

test:  read xml file .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   assign
truth:  read   requests

test:  test function that returns the multiplication of two given expressions using a bilinear interpolation .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a registered halt string .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  find the most recent tag for a network server .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  find   killed
truth:  find   network

test:  serve the students textbooks of type textbooks .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  display   digs
truth:  display   html

test:  loads a library .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  sets the value of the given css and save it to the given value .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  actually return a single comment of the contents of the comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  record   iterates
truth:  record   comment

test:  test for solving on equations that can be written as a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   clustered
truth:  test   equations

test:  ensure that the file path does not exist .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  a decorator for methods that are not a process .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the hash of a file or directory cli example: .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  run each item of a specific settings .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check whether a process is alive .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  name   flip
truth:  name   python

test:  change the specified user id to the queue .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  patch   pulls
truth:  patch   null

test:  get all activities for given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  test the behavior of model goal .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  decorator to methods that checking that the request has requested bits .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that there are no strings .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  concatenate a inputs or rgba8 together .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the intersection corresponding to a given local id and local ips .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  compute the exploration summary of the set of snapshots .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  st the continuous-time theoretic .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  extract   deconvolves
truth:  extract   level

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   restoring
truth:  gunzip   data

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  set the image as uploaded .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  pulls   drops
truth:  pulls   call

test:  split a list into a list of non-empty and whitespace .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and dtype .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start command to start the heap java server .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  generate the main loop from the console execute .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  run   refresh
truth:  run   scripts

test:  make sure the url is equal to local path .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user the user to connect as absent .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  this is a separate function which tries to wait for listed in the file .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation build .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  create spider for a spider .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   regularized
truth:  create   spider

test:  attempt to ping a set of twisted .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  extract new strings corresponding to transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  pull   gauss
truth:  pull   strings

test:  gets a number of country for the given phone type .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  gets   teardown
truth:  gets   type

test:  returns the checksum for a string .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  calculates   preprocessing
truth:  calculates   char

test:  wrap all lines of text into a generator .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse a time string according to the given pattern .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  catches app engine api .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  returns the number of non-zero values of the input array .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that passing values in fill_values should only replace matching names with values matching the buffer .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  verifies that a set of key exists .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse an accept header .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   approve
truth:  parses   *

test:  filesystem accuracy of filesystem classes .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  call string with spaces and return a native string .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  takes arbitrary token and returns a sequence of cw .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  chain names of the nodes in a given sg .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  get   proposed
truth:  get   chain

test:  returns a new shared shape containing a theano shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   transliterate
truth:  returns   variable

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when collection errors occur .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  verify   binhexed
truth:  verify   tests

test:  return the instances associated with the given instance .
truth: given an object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  determines if the user has cart or cart to specify a cart set .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  generic function to set node .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  check whether mutating is a mutating mutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  determines   compresses
truth:  determines   statement

test:  convert a string to millisecond encoded bytes .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  return the total degree of a matrix in an form .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  finds   preface
truth:  finds   degree

test:  friendly fasta fastq to check fasta file .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  called when the mapping != a previous space is unknown .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute nth moment moments for a given eps .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   dataset
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that the desired value for certain desired datasets .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  convert a realm .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  is   access
truth:  is   url

test:  backward compatibility .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  registers   pulls
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture providing a topic .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  pulls   stops
truth:  pulls   topic

test:  setup the firetv platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel functions jn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  rounds rounds rounds sequence to penn .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  map   controls
truth:  map   ids

test:  create dask array from a normalized space .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  returns a dictionary of the server and health delay .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  return   memoizing
truth:  return   health

test:  generate a test function that tests the given function .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  returns the throughputs for a given dataset .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator that ensures that the decorated nltk corpus be present .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  runs flask dev web application .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  cleanup   registering
truth:  cleanup   views

test:  lettuce can update the model with status objects .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  forces a form that is the same as ~psychopy .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return all the filesystems of all nodes reachable by the subversion .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  loads the module and returns the filename .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   roundrobin
truth:  load   application

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a decorator to check if *simple is valid .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  allocate eip message using eip domain .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  pulls   reissues
truth:  pulls   eip

test:  test that pattern1 .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   dispatch
truth:  test   operators

test:  adds a user to a given account .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   pending
truth:  add   default

test:  get the arch currently running the current linux distribution .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  prints event and log messages .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  logs   wait
truth:  logs   servers

test:  begin defining the available widgets .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  pulls   entries
truth:  pulls   review

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  function   skips
truth:  function   connections

test:  return the immediate children of a given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   banned
truth:  return   children

test:  get a list of status counts for the given group by the given header group .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  mock scenario .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  sets   hanging
truth:  sets   variables

test:  calculates the score statistic for data .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  compute   asserts
truth:  compute   diff

test:  load the embedded curve key and return a list of the block vectors .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return the last word from a service .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  create a random string of length n .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the difference between two permutations .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   translated
truth:  return   g

test:  register a new hosting service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   chew
truth:  register   service

test:  compute the parameters of the l**p function .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   optimizes
truth:  return   reservations

test:  a handler for handling get requests .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a list of nodes from all the given text .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  using   looping
truth:  using   node

test:  clears the user info from the print_exc() .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   modbus
truth:  clears   cookie

test:  return a list of objects with only the class specified by the gc .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  turn a n-d .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  returns   quotes
truth:  returns   map

test:  initialize report by start and end of specified report .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  creates   teardown
truth:  creates   type

test:  return current register_schema string .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  run   receiving
truth:  run   js

test:  write data to a stream and add it to the previous tab .
truth: like write . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  builds the operations adding desired criterion to given campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   break
truth:  builds   operations

test:  open an absolute path to a filename in the given filename .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  initialize markdown text .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  loads   solve
truth:  loads   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  we receive the request here and clear a previous one .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  pulls   surrounding
truth:  pulls   processor

test:  wait until the system has been logged .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   cie
truth:  wait   predicate

test:  helper function for unto the uuid from a uuid representation to handle the url .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  setup the pid for a pid file .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  find the tree of a given genre .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  lists wiki templates templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  group the file or directory of a file .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the xdg_config_home .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  show the specified partition for a specified raid device cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  report   grouping
truth:  report   system

test:  changes combined ngram sequences for a token .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  attempts to extend the request auth and those modules to get its value from a resource .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  parses a character item .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   urlencode
truth:  parses   item

test:  a wrapper around grouping .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  to suspend a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  suspend   hostname
truth:  suspend   vm

test:  ensure that exactly count matching containers exist in any state we can remove containers exist in a state .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  stop   unpatch
truth:  stop   matching

test:  initialize the system state and return the system state cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   easing
truth:  change   runlevel

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  get a registered path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  combine zero or more games into one big of the given games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  returns a set of number with the same netmask as set of bits .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  return check to check if a cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the argument name of the function if func is not a valid one .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  return   overlay
truth:  return   func

test:  render config file using the given config snippet .
truth: render config template . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  get an event backend by name .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  block the block of text .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  suggest   encapsulates
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id for the release distro .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  check if the template has been set correctly .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   storing
truth:  validate   template

test:  tests the creation if a decimal field contains a decimal .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove special folders which are created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  build an option from wire .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  serve a thumbnail that will be read from a protected thumbnail .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   pulls
truth:  serve   null

test:  guess a file extension and generate a codec .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test that the {% monitor prints monitor .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  see if the queue is a valid queue with the same queue .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  converts   scaled
truth:  converts   queue

test:  returns a base64-encoded string to the given content type .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  sets the function used to parse the verbose output .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   lowercases
truth:  set   verbose

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  evaluate python string at the length of a python relationship .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  evaluate   pulls
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  belongs matches of a segment .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  train a set of iterations for one set of iis .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  do   retrieved
truth:  do   iteration

test:  split a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  split   teardown
truth:  split   type

test:  create new status .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pending
truth:  creates   default

test:  return instances that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   subtracts
truth:  return   backups

test:  compute the complex matrix .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  assuming   named
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   simulating
truth:  encodes   input

test:  check the new version with the given namespace .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  reset sql database using the database .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  executes   setup
truth:  executes   equivalent

test:  creates a blockdevicedeployer to a follow using the supplied test .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  return zero or more than t .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   reported
truth:  rectified   function

test:  return the image description from a dict .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  update the date/time on the host or list of host_names .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   terminate
truth:  update   password

test:  copy extras .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  returns current line .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  format an money string to a number of money .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  clip image by taking images .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  perform   combine
truth:  perform   transformation

test:  return the cached requirements file the the the base directory of the requirements file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  add vector3 to paths .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   ip
truth:  add   paths

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  extract key from a protobuf into a key .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  builds an instance attach spec spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  wraps functions instead of inference .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  uses returns to find the number of members .
truth: print returns . 
test:  print   stream
truth:  print   returns

test:  check that the git format works properly .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  creates an encrypted encrypted data with corresponding info .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a url expected url of path or url .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  updates the viewpoint metadata .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   post_save
truth:  updates   metadata

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  load all certificates for a given directory .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   review
truth:  load   keys

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  iterate over all format in the format of a module .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  marks a value as an integer .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  the restful handler for course state access via the given course action and course state action .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  normalized mutual information between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  normalized   tile
truth:  normalized   information

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  this is a *very* incomplete function which checks to make it format .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  create a reserializes function or electric potential forward or electric functions .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  do   flattening
truth:  do   field

test:  sort count of all subsets of directory containing a list of files split .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  disassociate eip disassociate address .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  disassociate   reissues
truth:  disassociate   eip

test:  send an answer to the answer query .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  return all coefficients of f using ring .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  bound with the n-th sum of a wishart-distributed matrix .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  yaml: xml-summary sets the build setter for the project .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  gets list of active interfaces and its type info .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  derivative of distance see guess_kern_ipc_maxsockbuf() .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  sort nodes of the indefinite tensors .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  compares   sleeps
truth:  compares   equality

test:  gethostbyname_ex -> return the true host name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return a list of datacenters .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   allocate
truth:  ensuring   user

test:  returns a tuple of the returned scheme .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  elementwise sign function .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  regression test for sigusr1 this module .
truth: gui test . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a conn object for the configured aliyun locations .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  update a floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   embedded
truth:  updates   example

test:  sets a component .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  given   msg
truth:  given   component

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  delete a key cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   containing
truth:  deletes   ip

test:  return the url for an instance .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  determine if the crypto needs available for a server .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  checks   constrained
truth:  checks   functions

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  open a bti handler which will serialize the given stream to a python template handler .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  construct   export
truth:  construct   tuple

test:  returns the group from a given type .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  get   default
truth:  get   part

test:  find all files under a given eps from the given eps .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  pull   related
truth:  pull   supervisor

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns a list of otu sample ids that are returned by the correct otu vector .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  make   declared
truth:  make   samples

test:  iterate over all transitive targets for a target .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  generates   reveal
truth:  generates   sequence

test:  add a info['script .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  converts string into a native string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  quote -> string return a quoted version of the string .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  ensure   exposes
truth:  ensure   values

test:  create a user in the email provided .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  authorize network ingress from cfn .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  authorize   killed
truth:  authorize   network

test:  widget tool types and ids for a made .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  sorts a list of tasks by a given name .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  get a formatted datetime .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  x is n*m matrix if mutual is mutual .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey in a simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  tests   flattening
truth:  tests   field

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  yaml: gatling send files or override environment variables to the whole build process requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment def <envfile+plugin> .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   leave
truth:  set   switch

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   based
truth:  represent   address

test:  get all volume types .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   resamples
truth:  get   zones

test:  we get ip address from a video request and quotes ranges .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  returns first pickleable string of pickleable .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  calls the configuration to a secure file .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  pulls   reshapes
truth:  pulls   serialization

test:  returns whether the required survey are required for a course .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   remap
truth:  returns   survey

test:  like unicode/str/bytes .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  skip a application at position data .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  helper function that wraps functions .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  returns a formatted best local time zone names given a zone name .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  compares   suggests
truth:  compares   timezone

test:  contributors and check a --unit .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  returns an array of evenly spaced values within a given number .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  orders request .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   bring
truth:  index   page

test:  list packages installed in the system .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  filter   plot
truth:  filter   apps

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   guessing
truth:  clean   namespace

test:  logs out the user .
truth: log out . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  list media instance in media list of view the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  converts an array to a numpy array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  checks if a role is from a role .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  ensure that given existing database is absent name the name of the database to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  check if the given interface is default .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  checks   paging
truth:  checks   interface

test:  close an http client .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  saves   widgets
truth:  saves   responses

test:  show the summary of available bokehjs bokehjs is a string .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  print   tile
truth:  print   information

test:  parse a resource from the filesystem .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  returns   choice
truth:  returns   formats

test:  test a feature for networkx graph that has no issues .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  get a path to the proxied driver for a given region .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns a list with the directory that contains the alternate pyinstaller hook for kivy .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  splits a sequence into a list of sequences .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  insert   maps
truth:  insert   locations

test:  create a message with the given mapping of names .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  iterate   pulls
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return a dictionary of information about all of the files cached .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  creates variables to use a list of variables to find all non-crlf with upper elements .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  gives   step
truth:  gives   names

test:  get the list of available credentials .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  optimization to insert inplace versions of remove0 .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  parse   merge
truth:  parse   iso

test:  check whether sleep button is on power button .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   follows
truth:  displays   button

test:  run a list of commands .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  handle   optimized
truth:  handle   script

test:  create source file .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   mutes
truth:  creates   app

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  generate a url at which a request for oauth scopes .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generates   allocate
truth:  generates   user

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  load a module from the given name .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  decorator that checks if the internal function is supported .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  signal handler .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  appends a context to a dict .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  the main runner function .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  find the current in-memory window that is where the first event handler is the current corrs .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  helper function to convert formatted timestamp to standardized settings .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  formats   r^2
truth:  formats   form

test:  call thing in thing if args is not a single .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  pulls   appending
truth:  pulls   thing

test:  marks a function as satisfying a dictionary constraint .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   exposes
truth:  marks   values

test:  order all /etc/portage/package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  place   unescaped
truth:  place   entries

test:  check docstring docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  revoke cache ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   killed
truth:  revoke   network

test:  stop and exits a server .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determines if the request user is the action to access a request .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  determines   allocate
truth:  determines   user

test:  resamples ranks .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  pulls   align
truth:  pulls   observation

test:  call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and templates in the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  returns the last month in a string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  create a target from the values dict .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  determine if the vdi is configured .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  determine if the device has valid successfully .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  checks   emulate
truth:  checks   disk

test:  test interpolate stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  we can get a sane at the given position and return a string .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test for #148 with columns that doesnt contain read edx in the table provided as a byte string .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  gets the a packed byte string from the packed data and formats it to a packed .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   height
truth:  create   lot

test:  returns the endpoint of the node .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  gets a description for the specified phonenumber .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  converts a slice string into an c{int} object .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   be
truth:  remove   acl

test:  execute sql and return a database .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  convert from float to a float .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  stretch   utf-8
truth:  stretch   argument

test:  return urlparsed url with the given argument .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of an selected rate from the operation .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   colored
truth:  monitor   operation

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  this string does this string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return a fully-qualified namespace string from the given namespace .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create an absolute difference between two screen and the left .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  return   rfc
truth:  return   distance

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  list network interfaces .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   encapsulate
truth:  sets   instance

test:  test that latex/aastex file with a different exception .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  this will be executed in the python interpreter .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  fill   pulls
truth:  fill   null

test:  creates the web page to read in figure .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  release the top level namespace in the top files .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get complex from radius .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   confine
truth:  get   xmlelement

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  create a hash of a token with int .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  hash   scop
truth:  hash   token

test:  delete a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  return the first two tuples from a specified repo .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  find all tests that match the given pattern .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  map   tear
truth:  map   module

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   randomise
truth:  fake   message

test:  return the version string .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  get   orthoganlize
truth:  get   hash

test:  add availability zone for a specified instance .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  run   encapsulate
truth:  run   instance

test:  returns the url for the atomic type that could use for a given type .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  core core should not change random rows .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   hydrate
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons than or numpy array see also inclusive_or_expression the numpy array parameters logbase : ndarray .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  update the salt request token .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  parses an upload file and returns a dictionary of information .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  get a backup object for a backup or snippets .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the success level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  return weeks .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   gives
truth:  return   days

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fetches a message from the given thread and thread .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   randomise
truth:  fetches   message

test:  tries to retrieve all the settings for a given addon and excluded .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   undo
truth:  refresh   grains

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  check if the .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  rename a new lineage lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  rename   pulls
truth:  rename   null

test:  a simple test with a dirs .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  add multiple index to definitions in a index .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  transform   bump
truth:  transform   definitions

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  look up a known methods in the bases that has a known type .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  returns   ayoung
truth:  returns   base

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  print out the attachments tree attachments .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   blacklisted
truth:  print   attachments

test:  helper function to create a new json index .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  check if a vm exists on the cluster specified .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  reads the config file of a given config file as a background config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  set the default config value for the unit tests .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  import the given string as being used .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  create a repo .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  build   recreate
truth:  build   portion

test:  return the symmetric common mod of the given vector .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  return   serve
truth:  return   mod

test:  parse the service api url from a dict .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  set the current filter output .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  test that the genesis will be used to properly ui from the test case .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  read   unsqueeze
truth:  read   fixtures

test:  check if a string looks like a uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  parses a possibly data as a boolean .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  read a string from the login dictionary .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  explode   server_root
truth:  explode   opts

test:  list single single configured virtual server name name or servers of the managed to servers .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  manage   wait
truth:  manage   servers

test:  parse the expression of a sympy expression .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   sums
truth:  parse   expression

test:  creates a new chart chart with 0 and source .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  displays all the clusters in the approximate list .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  return   copies
truth:  return   clusters

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   grouping
truth:  set   system

test:  change frequency of daily thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   heres
truth:  change   frequency

test:  call this test on unicode strings and see if the unicode string cannot be identity .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  utility function to convert a crop of size .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  given   forwards
truth:  given   image

test:  create a list of changes from a given model .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  return   unrooted
truth:  return   differences

test:  parse the given interface dictionary .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  extract labels and single-line c-style values .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  send logging & run the same output as high time .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  time   support
truth:  time   time

test:  create a tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   unparsing
truth:  creates   git

test:  returns the url for a backend or backend instance .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send an email with a user added or all emails .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  pulls   factorize
truth:  pulls   verification

test:  get the templates folder path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   suggest
truth:  get   folder

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  strips a phone number from a phone number .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  checks   sparks
truth:  checks   number

test:  return the parent of the current pid of the process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  is   dumping
truth:  is   patch

test:  creates a graph from an adjacency matrix given as a list of nesting; .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   publish
truth:  creates   graph

test:  apply a style attribute dicts to an cloudblockstoragevolume create .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return a random string of length n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  test that a long does not crash with long .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  extracts env variables representing the child nodes of environment variables .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  removed files from a local file if it does not exist .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  listens   failed
truth:  listens   contributor

test:  parses the given date string .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  gets   temperature
truth:  gets   date

test:  get a list of disk to build commands .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  return the fully qualified data from a list of pairs .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   hsv
truth:  load   grammar

test:  returns a path from the directory where expand is stored .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  step 4 replaces -ic .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  run the psea command .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   flattens
truth:  run   output

test:  like node .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   looping
truth:  like   node

test:  set up the template attempt to begin if it is not already logged .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  configures   obj
truth:  configures   filters

test:  execute command cmd .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  writes the randomized .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  implement an iterable of bad values for bad value .
truth: like zip . 
test:  like   blink
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   shed
truth:  transform   exception

test:  finds the resource path for the given resource type and name .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  convert a size in bytes into a human readable format .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  simple wrapper to run a test .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  validate and return a string for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   unescaped
truth:  generates   entries

test:  clears the screen .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clear   step
truth:  clear   names

test:  return a boolean if it has a unicode fields .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  returns   flow
truth:  returns   fields

test:  returns random string with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  call back with the same name .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  return   ssl
truth:  return   errors

test:  return the against against the given unicode string .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  writes a middleware to the specified value .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  convenience function to search for keywords that are not implemented because of keywords .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  filter all dkl2rgb pairs in a pattern that match a regular expression .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  filter   guessing
truth:  filter   namespace

test:  load the data from a dataset using the search method .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  load the compiler tree from the given tree .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  expand   exception
truth:  expand   macros

test:  test word2vec coordinates from triangles .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   splitting
truth:  test   surface

test:  setup logging level .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  configure   forbid
truth:  configure   options

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  register   enter
truth:  register   serializer

test:  converts a datetime to a string .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  ensure   img
truth:  ensure   compiler

test:  tear down the module .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  test   unlinks
truth:  test   fixture

test:  return the top images from the list of images .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  import a dsa into a given string .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   listen
truth:  import   key

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   eliminates
truth:  finds   elements

test:  sets the logging verbosity to not successful .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  keep   bench
truth:  keep   value

test:  returns the storage url made by parsing xml .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   building
truth:  returns   tag

test:  return headers with the given http response body .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  retrieves   stubbed
truth:  retrieves   headers

test:  reads the status file and returns a docker status .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   emulate
truth:  reads   disk

test:  return the path to the directory where the user is located .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  yaml: zeromq zeromq event for another project .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  convert a human readable string into a human readable format .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  chisquare goodness-of-fit test the null hypothesis is that the distance between the expected distribution and the observed frequencies is invalid points .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  pulls   integrating
truth:  pulls   scipy

test:  setup the itunes sensor .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return the string in the file system .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  creates a numpy ndarray with the given id and its diagonal .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns true if aggregate available .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  find the full path to a python file given its name .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  clones an existing virtual machine .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   rising
truth:  clones   group

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  require   chew
truth:  require   service

test:  decorator that checks if a given user is a authorized editor .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait for a postgres connection to an instance .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  closes   extracts
truth:  closes   socket

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  add sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered in the current position .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  logs   checking
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates a new user_data .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  verifies that all keys are collected .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  return a dictionary with the keys of the dictionary .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  add   scans
truth:  add   pairs

test:  create a continuous random variable with a von mises distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  creates a random tag from the string in order to :: examples: .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  removes previous services and reports if a particular services is not a valid set .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  check   reverses
truth:  check   services

test:  returns an index object holding the language for the given target .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  test for get word from words .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  make sure plugin correctly filters out all visible menu .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   unlocking
truth:  copy   source

test:  execute a jid .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  generate   requesting
truth:  generate   i

test:  return a mock for all activities found in the given tree .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  check   localize
truth:  check   reference

test:  remove the extension code for a module .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  unregister   batch
truth:  unregister   code

test:  parse a string representation of a given switchport .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  interpret   gauss
truth:  interpret   strings

test:  save a background editor to the caller with the given buffer .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  execute a bloggerexample module against the given pillar data .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  return the number of vpn .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  gets   point
truth:  gets   status

test:  generate a random line of the unit mobile .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  create   small_stmts
truth:  create   line

test:  gets the currently active version .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  appends a json request to the response .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  turn   install
truth:  turn   response

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   vms
truth:  mark   thread

test:  return the cache file from a source location .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   safe_octal
truth:  walk   class

test:  a context manager to get a sequence according to the one .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  returns   breaking
truth:  returns   candidates

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  test   centralized
truth:  test   backup

test:  install a handler for adding locally to the handler .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  runs the pyflakes function on a package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return details about all elasticache table connection .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  describe   bounds
truth:  describe   table

test:  only load if apf exists on the system .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  release the list of available audio output modules .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   switch
truth:  frees   list

test:  creates a new foreign key for the specified kind .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   supports
truth:  read   text

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  check that a user has an permissions that a given user .
truth: check acls . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  perform global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return subgraph communicability of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  decrypt an aes aes with aes .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypts   pulls
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  only load if csf exists on the system .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  check if the provided string is a file system path is a filesystem or <bokeh .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  compare   forgets
truth:  compare   filesystem

test:  parses a property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   were
truth:  parses   property

test:  will not have pending synloop .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  blocking   chown
truth:  blocking   loop

test:  return the remap remap type for a filename .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a new libguestfs instance .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether a given key exists in the system .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a 2-tuple of .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   compile
truth:  patch   documentation

test:  return the set of old connections for the user model .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  gets   differentiate
truth:  gets   accounts

test:  set quota usage with a certain tenants for a given resource .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   compose
truth:  set   usage

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  returns the charge for the shipping charge and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  return a list of correlation coefficient and which are element-wise in the correlation .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  memset on the had had internal size for some integer ptr .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  fill   hover
truth:  fill   bytes

test:  queries the commits of a dataset .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the elliptical command of a polygon .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  returns the value of the given user .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  yield pieces of data from a chunk of the file .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  generate a random word of random characters .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  convert an rgb array to the shape of a tuple of length .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  return   overwrites
truth:  return   shape

test:  displays complete data on a list of variation .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  a job with submission turned off .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  notify   deregister
truth:  notify   jobs

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns the appropriate one .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   inserted
truth:  parses   saml

test:  make sure that the app is present .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  configure blueprints checks if required .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  configure   registering
truth:  configure   views

test:  remove list of files in a dict .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   boot
truth:  gpu_from_host   dot

test:  counts all elements in an iterator .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  determine which points are the coordinates of the given distance between harrisim .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  returns whether the request is a ratelimited .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  pulls   resolved
truth:  pulls   threads

test:  return a copy of the provided metadata from a dict .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  helper to get module version .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return event data .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   lowering
truth:  return   postgres

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  create   score
truth:  create   staff

test:  generate filter: file and given data and loop from a given file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  converts a list of items to a string .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  return   quoting
truth:  return   comma

test:  link role content to a user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  pulls   present
truth:  pulls   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  setup the stopped component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  yaml: grails configure grails from the build .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  destroy the named service .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  unregister   hostname
truth:  unregister   vm

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  open a file and return as a module .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  checks that we meet the minimum python version .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  checks   flip
truth:  checks   python

test:  compute the snapshots of a given collection .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  computes   import
truth:  computes   summary

test:  test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   constructs
truth:  test   lock

test:  setup the yeelight bulbs .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  a dummy view for testing purposes .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  load a module from a file .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the current active window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  this is a decorator that just ignores the authentication .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  logs a log message to a show .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  log   remove
truth:  log   history

test:  converts a hex string into a tuple of integers .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  change   detects
truth:  change   color

test:  create a new compiler compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  test that s: works around the expression .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  exception   negate
truth:  exception   resource

test:  checking type of checking type .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  guarantee   intersect
truth:  guarantee   picks

test:  waits for the element to become shown in the running visibility .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  returns the root stream for a given root path .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  create private tag or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   evpn
truth:  create   schema

test:  handle a single etag: from a file handle .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  return the luhn interpolation of a number .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  test   sparks
truth:  test   number

test:  resolves strings to tuples .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  pulls   predicate
truth:  pulls   sql

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   strided
truth:  evaluates   cosine

test:  wraps a gaussian distribution to open a storage storage .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  function   decimals
truth:  function   storage

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  encodes text into a quoted string .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated message validator doesnt move the message to be errors .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   shed
truth:  raising   exception

test:  parses the language code .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  create a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  show image labels from the residuals section of an image .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  show   forwards
truth:  show   image

test:  create a schema to the api version .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a name as a python name in ascii format .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   stores
truth:  encode   name

test:  regression test for url .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  returns the text from node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  just unlock .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any object into a dict .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a source into the package .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   pulls
truth:  instructs   null

test:  checks that density corresponding to shade and density are in the mesh .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  correct   swaps
truth:  correct   faces

test:  to connect to a file of resources and load a checkbox .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  configure   currents
truth:  configure   state

test:  check if python module is present .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  checks   downloading
truth:  checks   package

test:  build a comment .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  return   tracks
truth:  return   urls

test:  render a template .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  set the base dict to be used for __pycache__ .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  returns a product instance with the given name .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  if you already have a valid identity in devappserver2 .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   trivial
truth:  delete   connection

test:  validate backupretentionperiod for the currency .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  pulls   lash
truth:  pulls   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   pulls
truth:  needs   null

test:  find the occurrences of a resource in a different locations .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  return   maps
truth:  return   locations

test:  cleanup an object that can be a repository reference to a git repository .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  set   displaying
truth:  set   ref

test:  restart container container name container if start on boot container is container name the container is container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  list permissions for a cassandra cluster in a cassandra cluster .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   expand
truth:  list   permissions

test:  checks whether file path is in the folder .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  parses a single header string into a tuple .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  returns   throttle
truth:  returns   unit

test:  return the multi-dimensional numpy array of the current set of values in an array .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  convert a pandas volume to a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  convert   aligns
truth:  convert   volume

test:  simplification of rational polynomials .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  identify   exposes
truth:  identify   values

test:  new web widget .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  add   reserializes
truth:  add   widget

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  pulls   act
truth:  pulls   categories

test:  create a unicode string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  parse arguments .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  setup   utf-8
truth:  setup   argument

test:  this looks like a humanized string .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  fake   carry
truth:  fake   test

test:  cleans the test if it contains one locks .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  determine whether a frame is quoted .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  computes   github
truth:  computes   frame

test:  is there a change error code .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  lookup   unpublicizes
truth:  lookup   description

test:  yaml: exclusion send files with exclusion .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  expression : minus expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  decorator that checks if the user is registered in a fully test .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  always return a list of paths .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  convert hex string to a r .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  get skype types from current timezone .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sends a notification via smtp .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  like the characters in a shell and the like string .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  delete the contents of a repo in a repository .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  recursively convert string .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  return a uniform graph of size n nodes .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   greps
truth:  return   intersection

test:  returns a list of articles that apply to passed in topics .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  returns a batch of updates from the training graph .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  transforms items into a dictionary .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  convert   enhance
truth:  convert   items

test:  train a model with joined layout .
truth: train model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  a signal to release mode .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  read   resetting
truth:  read   reply

test:  issue pilight .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  fire   randomise
truth:  fire   message

test:  transforms an array into a 2d array .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  constructs   restrict
truth:  constructs   array

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   imsave
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   registering
truth:  list   views

test:  return a list from a list or tuple .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  joins   maps
truth:  joins   locations

test:  return three integer tuple .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  code   unlocks
truth:  code   lexer

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  test that the table primary key = primary if the table primary doesnt get a primary key .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  display a specific set of static tool .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  returns a list of sql statements required to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  decorator for scheduled task used to send a task .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  returns the number of instances that are set for the given module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  write a double-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   capture
truth:  write   bit

test:  a simple view that returns the request data in the context .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  build a full test harness: client - worker + start flow .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  check that the value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  return the given activities .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  adds / order to sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  adds   ip
truth:  adds   paths

test:  compute the difference between the sym and the form .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  simple test program .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  calls   imposes
truth:  calls   f

test:  check that the value from the string are valid and validate certificates .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validates   translates
truth:  validates   flags

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  alias for alpha*pos(x) millions .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  pulls   protects
truth:  pulls   args

test:  convert strings to unicode objects .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   mounts
truth:  convert   objects

test:  unpack the data to a usable format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   restoring
truth:  unpack   data

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  pulls   template
truth:  pulls   sitemap

test:  transforms the output of parse() into tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   removing
truth:  transforms   parse

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  return the packages that are installed .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  gather   raised
truth:  gather   distributions

test:  helper function to provide evaluated and correct_answer and run function on failure .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return true if a is a is b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  note   created
truth:  note   mode

test:  adapt the type of the data points .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  adapt   teardown
truth:  adapt   type

test:  update the command .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  make sure that duplicate request is unicode .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  test file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  process telnet version using telnet network device .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  process   extract
truth:  process   version

test:  parse a command list of alias objects .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  match   supports
truth:  match   text

test:  upload a location to a file at path .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  test that passing evaluation of report .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  helper to create summaries .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates the user against the name .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  check   error
truth:  check   bracket

test:  some of a trace .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  log   includes
truth:  log   entrance

test:  gets the specific url .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  get   interpret
truth:  get   dashboard

test:  write 1e6 units at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   throttle
truth:  write   unit

test:  return a stable list of order .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  translates exception into a dict .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  verify that rbenv is installed and install if rbenv is not installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two sequences .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  ordered   databook
truth:  ordered   comparison

test:  fetch the libzmq from its libzmq .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  show all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   usage
truth:  show   rows

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  handles   exposes
truth:  handles   values

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  find the speaker-related factorization of a binary classifications with each column in the individual points .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  pulls   patches
truth:  pulls   permutations

test:  gets the data from 2 weeks revision .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  gets   restoring
truth:  gets   data

test:  takes a list of the smallest start and returns a matrix of the vector tree .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  produce   cleaning
truth:  produce   matrix

test:  function that creates a calculators by the aggregates of the cube cube .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clean up old jobs from the jobs .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  called   rescales
truth:  called   event

test:  return a factory for a given object .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  return local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   forwards
truth:  threshold   image

test:  return the given user_ids .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  converts a string to a pretty message .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  helper to print a test method to stdout .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  create   located
truth:  create   method

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  register a process handler for overriding .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  get an event transaction id .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  retrieves   cast
truth:  retrieves   transaction

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   flip
truth:  apply   python

test:  determine what the item is allowed to be an accept header .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  choose   teardown
truth:  choose   type

test:  returns the last element for the given user .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  converts a string to an rule: string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  search for labels and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   centers
truth:  search   labels

test:  return all possible power of the number n .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  apply   review
truth:  apply   keys

test:  parse a string containing a commit .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  validate the module .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  check   plot
truth:  check   apps

test:  yaml: scoverage this plugin publishes with build .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the base url of a url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  remove   disable
truth:  remove   |

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  encode -> list of the arguments with the string arguments .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  refresh quota usage associated with a given resource .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  refresh   catching
truth:  refresh   quota

test:  return the output of the graph that are in the inputs .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  extract   hanging
truth:  extract   variables

test:  start and save the current recording environment .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   pts
truth:  start   rpc

test:  update blog posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  create a user with administrator confirmation .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  generates the flocker keypair for a given keypair .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the maximum statistic for a non-singleton order and its derivative .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  calculates   stopped
truth:  calculates   statistics

test:  a list of dicts .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  translate   step
truth:  translate   names

test:  determine the disk image types for the given image .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  splithost --> /path .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   bartels
truth:  clear   contents

test:  return the information from a specified package .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  sets the system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  sets   search
truth:  sets   d

test:  closes out a certificate with the desired draft session .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate the recursively of the pil statements .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  verify that value is a valid message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  helper function to fill an output variable with a enclosed variable .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  'featured'}headers administrators -- gets information about all the combining of the ui .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  cast a file can be used from a list of elems .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copies   restrict
truth:  copies   array

test:  open packages using brick instead of the duration in network .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  pulls   examine
truth:  pulls   brick

test:  cleans not exist .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  erase   resample
truth:  erase   directories

test:  preprocesses a file at url .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  pulls   succeed
truth:  pulls   request_response

test:  create a default signal map for install .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  make   quotes
truth:  make   map

test:  run a remote command and return its ip as a single command .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  calculates the greatest common integral of x and mod .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  return   throw
truth:  return   x

test:  return unicode path .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  update a namespace .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  generate a random integer of bytes .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  only return if ldap module is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  returns a list of the value of the given mapping .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  counts the number of permutations in an array a .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  return the harmonic mean of the input list .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of records from s/% if successful .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  returns the suitable error message for a message .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test default value for raw pending events .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   pending
truth:  test   default

test:  get the notify service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  setup the available wanted bridge platform .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  helper function to resolve a subset of a hosts and load it into the name .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  extract the raw html from a url string .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  parses   building
truth:  parses   tag

test:  ensure the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove runas user to run the command .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  make plot for testing .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  load   understemmed
truth:  load   results

test:  get information for a method .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   specifies
truth:  get   methods

test:  fast an image taken from a repository .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  test using "keys" .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the list of all the manifest from the provided list of web files .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  list   bans
truth:  list   resources

test:  create a generic error validator .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  has   pulls
truth:  has   null

test:  publish collection into a collection .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  publish   failing
truth:  publish   style

test:  make a user out of messages .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  pulls   skips
truth:  pulls   connections

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  a function which adds scalar to the log shape .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate regression mutual .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  delete a property or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   were
truth:  delete   property

test:  returns the percent of the the values of the network with the given arch .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  utility function to convert a string into a list of virtualnics .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  build a credentials for a module from a project .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  obtain   expose
truth:  obtain   credentials

test:  deprecated and set the given cloud storage .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  set   rebuilds
truth:  set   scheduler

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   parens
truth:  make   figure

test:  write the specified x509 .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  fetch   traverse
truth:  fetch   cert

test:  copy a file and all its location .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  given a url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  parse the tal channel .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   db
truth:  parse   annotation

test:  restful crud parents from a map by using a restful parents .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  module homepage .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  parse data from a metadata file into a dictionary with optional frames .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  reset the cuda used by enforce() .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  clear   requests
truth:  clear   brain

test:  converts all keys in a dictionary to lowercase; keep their corresponding values .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  take care of a repository for the received tool shed to retrieve the ctx_rev files for a repository of a repository defined as it associated with the specified display shed
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return all status cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   point
truth:  display   status

test:  get the clusters children in a cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  returns   banned
truth:  returns   children

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   labeled
truth:  fetch   file

test:  splits a mime-type into a trust directory .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  given the flavor size .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  read the data from a socket file .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  calls another server .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  pulls   hashing
truth:  pulls   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  generate a random wcs string with alpha chars .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  generates   secret

test:  make a user a member of a group .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   archive
truth:  make   member

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  copy all test files from media module directory .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  takes position from the string and returns a python position object .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  turn   query
truth:  turn   position

test:  execute all minions .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  send notification to a remote message .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  show   searches
truth:  show   duration

test:  link to a commit commit point .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  a with-context that creates a temporary directory and returns a writeable dir descriptor to it .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  configures the path to best metric objects .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  update or add manifest xml from srcpath as resource in dstpath .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   restoring
truth:  update   data

test:  load a yaml file .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  assign a module to the cache and ensure that they are set .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   crack
truth:  assign   _

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  pulls   browse
truth:  pulls   testsuite

test:  helper: get a single date from a month .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  download a list of files to a package .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  download   simplifies
truth:  download   packages

test:  get the value for the key .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  list of domains that are used to hold a specific host .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  update the browser widget for the parent .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   reserializes
truth:  return   widget

test:  ensure that the scope of this pillar is to be placed .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   executing
truth:  changes   csrf

test:  returns a list with the specified name from the user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  restful controller - used for searching controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  compute nt zeros and values of the airy function kf .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  link content to content in their main language so the url of the different subsites will be honored .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  return a n322 step size for the given step size .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  compute   analyzes
truth:  compute   size

test:  collect demo files in parallel from a pandas training .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  create a form that renders a form with an folder .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   storing
truth:  create   template

test:  convert the special version string to a tuple .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  manage   try
truth:  manage   checkout

test:  retrieves the key associated with the entities .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  get   daemonize
truth:  get   memcache

test:  return a list of the modules .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns all available plugin classes .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the list of choices for each script that are the same script .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  generates   preselected
truth:  generates   choice

test:  download and extract mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  a generator function to generate batches of batches .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  get a dict representation of the current timedelta and a unit .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  pulls   obj
truth:  pulls   filters

test:  checks that the singleton cursor is preserved by the scientific cursor .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create an equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  creates a headerchecker instance for the plaintext .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  expression : minus expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  converts a get_home_dir() search to a single search search .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  produce   compress
truth:  produce   db

test:  return a temporary directory to backup from sys .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  pulls   restructure
truth:  pulls   tmpdir

test:  decorator for cocoa .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  preprocess   batch
truth:  preprocess   code

test:  try to increase resource limits of the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  try   negate
truth:  try   resource

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  project notification notifications and project name .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  load a python module from a file .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  converts a datetime to local time in the given time zone .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  returns a polynomial of the elements of n in k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  deprecated data channel .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  pulls   backup
truth:  pulls   properties

test:  function decorator to count a std of std .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  match   plan
truth:  match   profile

test:  return file names for all the file system .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test converting min_dist in data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  return all line numbers in traceback of the given template .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  yaml: critical this plugin allows you to start a build .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a template from a file and write it to a file .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  run no interrupt if the job is not available .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  returns the leading monomial of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  create new ip address .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  load the namespace and return its filename .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  import   define
truth:  import   path

test:  verify that the formatting set to a formatting class .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verify   enhanced
truth:  verify   object

test:  return a projects component global mode for component views .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  constructs   msg
truth:  constructs   component

test:  removes files .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  this function is taken from a networkx graph .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  this will click detected by the user .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  take   knapsack
truth:  take   request

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  it will mark a template as the appropriate row .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  pulls   partitions
truth:  pulls   category

test:  load a modules from a module setting .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   init
truth:  load   modules

test:  validates that an object is in a new task .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  creates the access token from the application .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse an quoted string starting at position start in data .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  add x to the grid of the specified string .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  pulls   locks
truth:  pulls   pad

test:  this is a hack to make sure a column name is not a column column .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  fixes   step
truth:  fixes   names

test:  check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   rearranges
truth:  check   import

test:  url minimal a .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  unquotes   define
truth:  unquotes   path

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  multiply   exposes
truth:  multiply   values

test:  returns a randomly generated random number of circular indices with the same name .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  compute   view
truth:  compute   q

test:  restart the network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  do   hostname
truth:  do   vm

test:  check whether obj is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  sets the current console position for a buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   analyzes
truth:  sets   size

test:  get simple argparse parser to argparse .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  get the list of vagrant agent string .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  determine   bench
truth:  determine   value

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns the list of zookeeper ips for an zookeeper .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  returns last web page for this thread .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   reported
truth:  retrieves   function

test:  run config .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   deflate
truth:  test   config

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  returns the most appropriate language encoding for the given language .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  builds   batch
truth:  builds   code

test:  use in a string to make the ruby-build database for a db value .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  get the live live of the given component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify that the cpaste of a cpaste is valid .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  dump the specified blocks to a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  dump   labeled
truth:  dump   file

test:  test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  helper to determine if a url has a cache .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  returns   eliminating
truth:  returns   cache

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  context manager that changes the specified environment to a test .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  helper for a pointer to a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   pulls
truth:  inspired   null

test:  returns the comment format from the comment commentstring .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return true if the line is swapping .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  pulls   normalizes
truth:  pulls   loader

test:  the configuration that the gettext is available .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  bootstraps   storing
truth:  bootstraps   template

test:  converts a tensorflow cell .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  return   currents
truth:  return   state

test:  run the given node and return a dictionary .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  function   looping
truth:  function   node

test:  get the file name of the file without the filename in the filename .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  this is called every time the server is a no-op upload .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  is   starts
truth:  is   nothing

test:  create a com object that can fire events to a user defined class .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the complex matrix to complex matrix .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the pipe line of a pipe .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  creates a mock for every node that is used to create a mock for every node .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  prepare   install
truth:  prepare   response

test:  search for series and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints out the host information .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a type .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  return true if all args are true .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  return   protects
truth:  return   args

test:  retrieve and return the catalog integration user object or none if the passed user is not none .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  turns an annotation file into a dict .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name or domain to a cookie .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   stores
truth:  unsets   name

test:  this is a approval configuration .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  updates repo from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   deployments
truth:  updates   sources

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  is this media player able to discover if the media player does this media player have? .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  is   specifying
truth:  is   player

test:  context manager for storing a file .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   formatted
truth:  print   rate

test:  compares html tree at least two decoded tree can be done by the supplied tree .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  return the signature of a secret .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  generates   tell
truth:  generates   signature

test:  get grid grid from plotly .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  returns   stacking
truth:  returns   grid

test:  returns all weighers weighers .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  module function to return the current error .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   shed
truth:  returns   exception

test:  returns the first token that can be used with xsrf .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a json formatted string for a given file descriptor .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this code performs the hotfix and update in the built-ins .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  rename   tuple
truth:  rename   branch

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  quotes a file and return its canonical version .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  quotes   pulls
truth:  quotes   null

test:  return the preferred output of the given locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  settings   pulls
truth:  settings   null

test:  isnull activation function .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test the powerschedule class with the 4 between the measurement and the expected images .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  reload all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  stop   put
truth:  stop   rules

test:  this matches a validator .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats in the current machine directory .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  multi-class prediction crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  pulls   uses
truth:  pulls   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string to statement .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  this reads a sequence-consistency table with the dask unnamed .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  authenticate via auth .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pulls   wrapped
truth:  pulls   permission

test:  update packages .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  and returns a domain representing d1 and d2 and .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a list of module names from a list of test modules .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  reduce the image of a circle image .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  perform   deprecated
truth:  perform   interpolation

test:  adjust the first event loop that have been set .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  returns dataset from json stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  check whether the object is a valid list .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  check if we can init extra files on init .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  function   purging
truth:  function   iff

test:  computes fit from tapered fit .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  copy the absolute path to the file to be included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  checks if a password user has been active .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  send an rebulk object .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  this will store a stylesheet in the context .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  a helper for the autoencoder matrix generation .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  knapsack   pulls
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  this function should be used to register unit units .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  register   shortens
truth:  register   classes

test:  update translations from file .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  update   gauss
truth:  update   strings

test:  converts the dtype types to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  converts   verify
truth:  converts   stata

test:  parses a identifier source file .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  passes   reencrypt
truth:  passes   start

test:  calculate additional variables for each row which are in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   skipped
truth:  calculate   use

test:  filter names matching the given path .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  evaluate the variable and/or compute the variable of a feature in a variable .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  pulls   shortcut
truth:  pulls   var

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return encoding preferred environment variables .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  uses the local cache to store the cache folders .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  removes   suggest
truth:  removes   folder

test:  adds a new message to a feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns the status of the local host .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a simple .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  convert an image to true if it is still written .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  builds the serial port spec .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  check for any of the given group .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  is   map
truth:  is   implementation

test:  return true if the user has attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  loads the labels into a vector of int64 label integer returns a last array of mnist .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  list all of the repository repos .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  recursively collects all client test cases that do not have repositories with the correct client .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  load   unload
truth:  load   client

test:  return the default availability type for a specific organism .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  purge a firewall rule .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  validate an event on an event configuration .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   rescales
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  a helper method to check if a user has password access to the reset database .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  add intersections with the x intersections from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  decode a escaping string .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  resolve the file name to a directory .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  asserts   define
truth:  asserts   path

test:  send an email .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns the current api_version .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  update an archive repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   commit
truth:  update   repository

test:  build a dictionary of matrices to determine if it is installed .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns the latest common snapshot common to registered in the provided snapshot .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  pick   indexes
truth:  pick   snapshot

test:  create the scatter map for each item in target .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  slices   transliterate
truth:  slices   variable

test:  returns a list of language codes for a given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  disassociate specified qos specs from qos_specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  return the configured cloud provider data .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  establish   trivial
truth:  establish   connection

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   cleaning
truth:  estimate   matrix

test:  return a list of packages specified on the packages cli example: .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  read the slc file .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  block prepend .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  prepend   inform
truth:  prepend   entry

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   drawing
truth:  submit   tags

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   lets
truth:  is   handler

test:  status view .
truth: status view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability zones cli example: .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a collection .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   flattening
truth:  pull   field

test:  converts a penn corpus string to a tuple .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  describe   currents
truth:  describe   state

test:  make sure the given message was logged in the test suite .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  test to format all buildout functions in a suffix file .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  return   binhexed
truth:  return   tests

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  construct an object holding a time value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  update the local module from the local machine data .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  return a tuple of two independent samples in iterable .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  get the md5 hash of a file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  compare   orthoganlize
truth:  compare   hash

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  p3/qt5 helper for single field matching query output .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  see   tear
truth:  see   module

test:  attempts to find the most capable certificates for a shell refresh the given shell on the system .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  return   generating
truth:  return   shell

test:  read user options from a dictionary of options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  place a database under migration db .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  generate a url that can exist in a given location .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  function   deflate
truth:  function   config

test:  stacks arrays into a dict .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   turn
truth:  translate   case

test:  given an iterator and a list of iterables .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  synchronize   constant_expression_opt
truth:  synchronize   iterables

test:  return true if the system is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  warn   pulls
truth:  warn   null

test:  given rules properties .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return the first item in a sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  for second weekday .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  extracts the target parameters from the user .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  creates a vm on the virtualbox hypervisor by the virtualbox virtualbox to is a given vm .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  vertical the home directory for the home assistant if it doesnt exist .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  using   using
truth:  using   hack

test:  get an migration of the nodes in a set of exceptions .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  clear   generate
truth:  clear   users

test:  test that a directory where you cant hold store .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  create   unleash
truth:  create   store

test:  produce a string for attribute tokens by iterable .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  displays the active spline on new value .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  pulls   locate
truth:  pulls   filtering

test:  creates a command to make w/o in a request .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  construct   instantiate
truth:  construct   arguments

test:  get a list of the active history items for a job .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  get   branching
truth:  get   progress

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  test that the inputtogpuoptimizer optimizer make sure that the __all__ dont shell-like works with a gpu op .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  return the status of the output: plot .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  show   clones
truth:  show   server

test:  generate a string with web page and escape sequences .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  wrap   drawing
truth:  wrap   tags

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   serialize
truth:  parses   str

test:  a decorator for wsgi application .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  pulls   updates
truth:  pulls   wsgi

test:  just return absolute url .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  accepts   define
truth:  accepts   path

test:  transform common length into function-call .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  does   rect
truth:  does   work

test:  convert a binary string to nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   tracked
truth:  convert   s

test:  return the time object for the given album []total .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  truncate argument-string to string with certain datatable .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return available packet datacenter project .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   determine
truth:  return   projects

test:  transform the arguments passed to a function .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  assuming   tell
truth:  assuming   signature

test:  run the background process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  get the currently active default values returns none if there are no newline .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   sqlmap
truth:  get   limit

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  competency of the community controller .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  execute a special service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  show   backup
truth:  show   properties

test:  build the pidfile line that will be used to parse the process .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  use this class decorator to convert the extra options to a class that invokes the actual function .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  defines   reported
truth:  defines   function

test:  yaml: copyartifact-build-selector enable url for the build .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  print the summary of each line and the cluster .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  point   reported
truth:  point   function

test:  use this function for miss @todo: set keyword arguments after performing .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  slice   pandas
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return the indented indentation .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  return all the projects that correspond to the given user .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  uncache a python cache directory from the path given .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  ensure   phred
truth:  ensure   caches

test:  decorator for wrapping subtest that fail the given subtest names .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  insert the environment variables into the root dict .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  supply   retain
truth:  supply   platform

test:  returns the best match between a and b .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fsync -> list of files .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  takes a client argument .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   dst
truth:  compile   c

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  pulls   attacked
truth:  pulls   stats

test:  redirect to the url .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  generate   asserting
truth:  generate   redirect

test:  pull the refs file .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  pull   pulls
truth:  pull   null

test:  this function provides functionality for the announcements template tag that may be moved and endcomment the form .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  concatenate an array of results .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  concatenate   mounts
truth:  concatenate   objects

test:  query the resource at the given url .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   negate
truth:  query   resource

test:  parse authorization header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  helper function to make the absolute error to [0 .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  computes   landing
truth:  computes   sum

test:  return the set of queues that are not in key .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  trimmed   extract
truth:  trimmed   version

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  compute   contrasts
truth:  compute   digest

test:  return html indicating that the users payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  renders a list of all single-entry groups .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  receive a single client until the receive has been done .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   extracts
truth:  receive   socket

test:  return true if obj is a container parameters obj : object to check for .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  x is n*m matrix if exp is exp .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  compute   checkout
truth:  compute   way

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters or pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  convert unicode name into an unicode object .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  see the first descriptor for a relative array descriptor .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  read   flattening
truth:  read   field

test:  convert a string to a list of day .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  estimate the inverse of a matrix by the coefficients .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  consume the iterator .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  inserts the difference of the total number of seconds into a single string .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  format   suppresses
truth:  format   seconds

test:  deletes an e-mail request or deleting request headers .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  lettuce with colorless 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  tests that the dependency too something .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns major version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns information about the xblocks publish state for an xblocks structure .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  test chart rendering with a none filled serie .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  get the status for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  helper method to assert that complex is complex .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return true if the path is a valid link .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  approx of strings; of strings; in the range [a .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  same as twisted .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  skip   cie
truth:  skip   predicate

test:  make sure the function is not loaded when the server is raised .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  error   lets
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  delete hosts metadata .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  start a windows time service :return: true if successful .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  returns a list of the given pages in the most recent pages .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  load the windows image .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  either either the identifers tree or xyz and in-sample or xyz .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   configured
truth:  parse   tree

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   colorized
truth:  construct   context

test:  select the list of supported python words .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  select   flip
truth:  select   python

test:  unpack the files xml filename into an actual files .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   paging
truth:  attaches   interface

test:  create a proxy for shell object .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  instantiate   distribute
truth:  instantiate   proxy

test:  return the first search of a mime-type .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  search   coupling
truth:  search   target

test:  create all the directories in a zip folder .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  compress   disconnects
truth:  compress   dir

test:  verify that all item dont are dont cause the path to avoid visibility it if its defined .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dictionary of the elements registered with the twitter data .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  form   restoring
truth:  form   data

test:  returns the string of english article .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  decide   pulls
truth:  decide   null

test:  extracts basic auth value from the request and returns the basic auth .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  given   assume
truth:  given   header

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  checks if a module is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  test   stores
truth:  test   name

test:  replace tabs with ? .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  adds the context variables required to access this plugin .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  adds   hanging
truth:  adds   variables

test:  minimize a function using the downhill fmin .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   reported
truth:  minimize   function

test:  get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  get   autoencoder
truth:  get   xml

test:  installs a theano hook into the hg as a string .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   commit
truth:  install   repository

test:  given the activities .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  create a service that spawns a specified service .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  solves bernoulli differential equation with respect to 2 .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  pexpect pexpect to retrieve the output of show ip int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  require setuptools to be installed .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  returns the matrix multiplication of a matrix .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   packs
truth:  returns   transpose

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  display a configuration object from the information we need to show the helmet dict .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  get   trailing
truth:  get   flag

test:  return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  decorator for methods that should be unique as the key or function .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  construct volume types from volume .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   recover
truth:  uninstall   gems

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  this is a transform .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transforms   renders
truth:  transforms   series

test:  get the line with the first occurence of the lines in the start of the lines .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   limiting
truth:  parse   order

test:  create a new computenode and set the the the values dictionary .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  add additional brew brew to the specific tap directory .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  delete a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  remove   inputs
truth:  remove   monitor

test:  when utfbytes is utf-8 or plain ascii .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  gets a phone number for the specified region .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get - return a single signin cookie header .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  get all rules .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  get   content
truth:  get   globals

test:  return path to a pid or conf file for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  add logger to a streamhandler for debugging .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the power of multivariate genslices .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  generate   redefine
truth:  generate   slices

test:  converts the classical decimal ips to its classical decimal representation .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  convert a utc time string to a tuple .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  check the specified report of the given quota .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  report   optimize
truth:  report   quotas

test:  run the old version number .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  replace   crack
truth:  replace   _

test:  yaml: tox send files or command to the whole build process requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:robot for builds .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it should extract the scenario string from the scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  implements   crack
truth:  implements   _

test:  from a single ndarray matrix with a ndarray .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts the canonical native name to a dotted path .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  converts   define
truth:  converts   path

test:  return the url to add_tag for question 1 .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  decode a bson double to python list .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   locking
truth:  decode   bson

test:  yield timestamp in the step log format as a step .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  quick function to figure out what volumes should render a single control objects .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  generate   publish
truth:  generate   graph

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  add cylinder holes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  return a namedtuple of used to free physmem .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  asserts   install
truth:  asserts   response

test:  fetches an query and return query .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  fetch   xlsx
truth:  fetch   query

test:  copy a parser to a lambda string .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  persist   forms
truth:  persist   result

test:  removes completions and keyword parameters from params .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  append   populates
truth:  append   params

test:  verify the format of the given format .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the datastore configuration for the given datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  open and return a browser .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   bring
truth:  open   page

test:  this is a generator which provides the groups of seqs_per_file: in a mercurial manner .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  extracts the line number for a node that can not be in an exception .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   throw
truth:  add   x

test:  a context manager which locks the same actual file fall .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  blocking   unlinks
truth:  blocking   fixture

test:  create a derinteger object that can fire the specified id to a com object .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  verifies that a certificate is valid crl crl returns a list of certificate revocation containing the certificate to verify that a certificate is unique .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  looks through a files in the s3 bucket cache file for a bucket .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   post_save
truth:  looks   metadata

test:  builds and returns common transformations in additive_expression .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  prints   minpoly(add
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up the flow in session to recover information about requested scopes .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  retrieves   encapsulate
truth:  retrieves   instance

test:  preface and convert an svg file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  return the steam value of a given action with the given karma .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  when using a good exception occurs .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  m   cleaning
truth:  m   matrix

test:  takes a list of cron and returns the cron file verbose .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  traverse mapreduce from current directory and find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  skip test decorator for skip test if skip is true .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  iterate over files and yield .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   unlocking
truth:  iterate   source

test:  configures the logging module .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a list/dict containing experimental values for use in a shell shell .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  extract   generating
truth:  extract   shell

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  mask a list of encapsulates to check if the key is valid .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  implements   control
truth:  implements   generation

test:  validate config .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   banned
truth:  validate   children

test:  run the application in a simple application .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  read a file and return information from the file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   abort
truth:  return   raster

test:  returns a dict containing all violations from pep8 .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  the assumed message helper to be really via gettext .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  get map of all available extras cli example: .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  parse   purge
truth:  parse   requirements

test:  get any new elements and process the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   eliminates
truth:  get   elements

test:  same as a[b] = a >>= .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs archive cannot reference a absolute path outside a absolute path outside the archive .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   rearranges
truth:  ensure   import

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  returns   protected
truth:  returns   urlconf

test:  flips the bitmap image for a bitmap image .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  resizes   rabins
truth:  resizes   bitmap

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns a generator that yields folds .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   initalize
truth:  returns   k

test:  gpu gpu .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  pulls   modify
truth:  pulls   gpu

test:  setup the graphite plugin .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   bump
truth:  setup   definitions

test:  connect to a mongodb user or list of host_names cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  get a list of sm backend for a specific sr .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   replicate
truth:  get   sm

test:  parse volume info .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  log a page from the log specifying the application level .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  log   knapsack
truth:  log   request

test:  normalizes the given text using markdown .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  normalizes   supports
truth:  normalizes   text

test:  connect to a database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  update   extract
truth:  update   version

test:  compute sample functions .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  compute   annoy
truth:  compute   rank

test:  redirect unix streams if none .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   takes
truth:  redirect   stream

test:  verify given mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  verify   created
truth:  verify   mode

test:  test with hidden scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   multivariate
truth:  test   blocks

test:  parse metadata from a dataframe .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  annotate   failing
truth:  annotate   style

test:  add a user info to an existing exam .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  add   colorized
truth:  add   context

test:  strip the quoted predictions from a plaintext file .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  strip   supports
truth:  strip   text

test:  safely remove a file .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return superimposition matrix from numpy array segments .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  computes a linear transformation of xs .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  add a jupyter notebook script to the list_policies notebook .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  returns the most appropriate anonymous user has permission to use with the given user_id .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  generates a pyherion .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generates   extract
truth:  generates   version

test:  fix the modules .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  replace   plugin
truth:  replace   division

test:  send events events .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  sets   located
truth:  sets   method

test:  add the directory dir to the list dirlist if 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   disconnects
truth:  add   dir

test:  inspect the container container container id container id container id container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  tokenize a list of sentences .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  mapping   mount
truth:  mapping   task

test:  create a client for the given node .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in site site .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  return   distribution

test:  commit tree contents of the tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  compare two strings and right are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  assert   childnodes
truth:  assert   timestamp

test:  page rendered by djangos xml page .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  generates   touch
truth:  generates   controller

test:  construct an attribute string from the given xml chars .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert the url path to a valid url path .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  normalize   define
truth:  normalize   path

test:  item add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin fields and inlines .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  return the amount of rate limiting from the given os .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  pass   unbinds
truth:  pass   exceptions

test:  converts an array of matrices into an array of observations .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  determine if the specified path is a local one .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   checkout

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  support   colorized
truth:  support   context

test:  wraps up a module .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  performs the rsa cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if the url is a windows url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  compares x .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  verify   convert
truth:  verify   sequences

test:  check passing c_void_p methods on implicit modules .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  pulls   ayoung
truth:  pulls   base

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  return the long description of a given file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  ping a configuration .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  add internal sensor types to the indicated action in plot_bad_images .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   autoreleased
truth:  register   types

test:  check the message status .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  closes   pulls
truth:  closes   null

test:  register a new log handler for handlers .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  registers   decorating
truth:  registers   log

test:  check if falseexcept is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  returns   kills
truth:  returns   assert

test:  copies a datetime-typed to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   populates
truth:  copies   params

test:  remove a given prerequisite content usage key from the system for the given content usage key .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   encoded
truth:  removes   milestone

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   describing
truth:  remove   listener

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   sleep
truth:  removes   files

test:  shut down the server .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  returns the encoding name corresponding to the encoding given .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extracts error messages from given an exception .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  read mm_stamp tag from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  tries to get a list of column names and a column this is a test .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  display a stats series .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  render   renders
truth:  render   series

test:  change process id to default default value for a specific user .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  return image with each channel smoothed by the discrete smoothed smoothed in the given set .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  smooth   forwards
truth:  smooth   image

test:  use during or remove obsolete .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  adds   expects
truth:  adds   queries

test:  test working copy when a target already exists and has no target .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  test   coupling
truth:  test   target

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  validate username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  copies the points of a time-varying matrix scroe .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   copies
truth:  get   clusters

test:  decorator for compile namespaces into a single url .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  warn   makes
truth:  warn   namespaces

test:  get the local plugins in the manipulation node .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  check if source is rename .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  renames   enrolls
truth:  renames   destination

test:  helper function to format a floating point number .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   bench
truth:  formats   value

test:  returns the version of the specified version in the given parts: .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  attempts   extract
truth:  attempts   version

test:  raise 400 httpbadrequest error .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  write a table with no column on a table where empty strings were empty .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parse a query string into a list of integer strings .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  replaces instances like concat with greatest double unicode counterpart .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  check that ica of a ica type is of multiple channels .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   intersect
truth:  check   picks

test:  process a data list from a string .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  alternative exception thrown by hide .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  convert   shed
truth:  convert   exception

test:  splits a signed int into an int .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  turn a new alias number into the specific alias .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  generate   assign
truth:  generate   requests

test:  calculates the sibling of a given file .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  read   preload
truth:  read   content

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  remove all objects from the current gc .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  try   phred
truth:  try   caches

test:  helper function to set the randomly generated from an arbitrary matrix .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify that the version of the repository for the repository that is in the namespace .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  remove files under root .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   printing
truth:  remove   locale

test:  saves globally status to session and saves the database .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  saves   iterate
truth:  saves   auth

test:  updates all profilers to db .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  fetches the snapshots metadata for a given collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   contained
truth:  returns   snapshots

test:  set the original flag for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  return user information .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   batch
truth:  exchanges   code

test:  generate some resource at path 'docs' .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  a start date from a base .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  extract   temperature
truth:  extract   date

test:  called from keyboardinterrupts to dumps a com error .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  returns a generator which spans a raw file in bytes .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  use the compiler module to drop the default compiler for the given compiler .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  pulls   hide
truth:  pulls   distutils

test:  determines the template string and sets the given template .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  gets   storing
truth:  gets   template

test:  returns a list of regions from a country calling code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  initialize the module .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list of security groups in a request cli example: .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  declare some arguments after a given class .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   borrowed
truth:  declare   instances

test:  list active mounts on mac os systems .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  find a specific search based on the given provider and its results .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  searches   registers
truth:  searches   product

test:  return a random id of random number .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  take a query string and return a tuple of .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  create an image .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  given a list of exploration models .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  check for permission cases in our models .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  check   expand
truth:  check   permissions

test:  parse and return headers from optional header dict .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  return a list of paths currently installed layout .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  get from environment or backward compatibility .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   optimized
truth:  get   script

test:  internal helper function for computing the rejectionline method .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the os x to display in the python context .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  look   colorized
truth:  look   context

test:  given a table of ownership values .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  builds   presents
truth:  builds   mapping

test:  check addition .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  ensure   gauss
truth:  ensure   strings

test:  compute the rank of a matrix from an integer or sparse matrix parameters xnull: : array_like .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  return the unicode string representing a path on sys .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if the given storage exists in the file exists .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a new wsdl with method name from a lazy method .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  convert str or :py:class:unicode to str .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  detect   tracked
truth:  detect   s

test:  tokenizes a given response .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  find an in-memory search node .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  find   hanging
truth:  find   variables

test:  instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   crack
truth:  instantiate   _

test:  callback for change of quota .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   logout
truth:  callback   change

test:  returns the amount of megacycles used so far by api calls .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   deprecate
truth:  get   cpu

test:  parameter: string .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  generate the staging style files and staging images from the staging dict .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  rename   sleep
truth:  rename   files

test:  require the default language .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  train a list of summaries .
truth: train a model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  parse the info from a response .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   forms
truth:  parse   result

test:  returns changes changes in an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  replace the closest function with the same hierarchy as the string or beautifulsoup from opposite of the function content .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  computes the normal transformation function .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the given object .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  ask a user to prompts a remote host .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompts   enumerator_list
truth:  prompts   confirmation

test:  check that a declared pixel with same seed .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses a tag namespaces from a list of its tag .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   drawing
truth:  parse   tags

test:  return true if the url belongs to an url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  check if a user is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  check   delay
truth:  check   conda

test:  the import logic .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the vulndb/data extensions .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   shortens
truth:  get   classes

test:  merge a single layer into a theano image .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  converts   stores
truth:  converts   name

test:  converts a given template to the context object .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  computes the average average average pooling on vars .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  add the new hash of the cache .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  sure that media permissions are valid .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  loads all tests from a pattern .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  provide   browse
truth:  provide   testsuite

test:  show list entry list .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  show   decoding
truth:  show   lists

test:  prints all the 'total .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   revoked
truth:  prints   details

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  compare two strings of equal position .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  reads the input .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create the first word #! .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   extract
truth:  run   version

test:  set the given properties on an computenode and update it .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  removes all of the given node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  remove   banned
truth:  remove   children

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   included
truth:  pooling   cudnn

test:  return true if a line like the frame spine .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   named
truth:  setup   z

test:  return a list of file extensions extensions that are synonyms for the given fontconfig extension *fileext* .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  grab   switch
truth:  grab   list

test:  parse the ml headers according to the function .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  parse   stubbed
truth:  parse   headers

test:  send email to inform session .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  send   command
truth:  send   session

test:  return the number of connected connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  page through registration .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  issue a character .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  wrap   mail
truth:  wrap   creation

test:  this is a wrapper around 0 and return an ns button .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  given a path components .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  return   tsv
truth:  return   components

test:  convert a regex or a string of base pattern into a flag .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  pulls   opened
truth:  pulls   re

test:  set the attribute dictionary to decoding .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  splits a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  add a new server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   clones
truth:  add   server

test:  make a generator of hatch for a list of return_to api .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get a colormap instance .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  stop a hard container container container container container id id timeout stop cli example: .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  converts an entity to a dictionary .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  convert   pushing
truth:  convert   model

test:  fetch a symbol from the database .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  download   post_save
truth:  download   metadata

test:  remove users in conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   generate
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  pulls   parameterize
truth:  pulls   integers

test:  enable the given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  get the functions that starts a file or text .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  get a directed client from the ssh container name .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  talk   pulls
truth:  talk   null

test:  delete the character .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents of the file .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  returns the line number of the source line in a directory .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  return the number of words in a string .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  count   minpoly(add
truth:  count   words

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   cloning
truth:  load   github

test:  render a bootstrap report .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  find the specified dns record and return the corresponding 0 if the domain is a valid domain .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  given   union
truth:  given   domain

test:  returns no .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieves the xxdot .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   smooth
truth:  call   vector

test:  the hackish of the wedge for a particular instance .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  assert that the test is in a dict of deb .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  default   pulls
truth:  default   null

test:  check that outputs a string using random number .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  check   pickles
truth:  check   reverse

test:  decorator to mark a function as symbol .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  if the attribute is a static file matches in a dictionary .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  match   looping
truth:  match   node

test:  test if passing passing in the restriction setting .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return predefined results based on execute_table5 .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  apply palette to a palette .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  get   resume
truth:  get   pil

test:  create a random string of "b" characters in length .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  parse the extra information into a dict .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parses   tile
truth:  parses   information

test:  convert b in hex string to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  add the value of a type specified by the type name .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   dedent
truth:  add   printer

test:  restful crud controller for whitelisting senders .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if http status code is success .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  compute the dot product between x and y .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  returns the object for the given name .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  read tasks from file with all tasks .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  delete to delete a single resource class .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  add or add a new certificate in a site .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  merge the dictionaries .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  given a host .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  elide filename into a regular expression .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  verify that requirements is a string .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a new trigger type in the given trigger_type .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  create a container from a test .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   satisfy
truth:  create   container

test:  takes the response headers and returns a dict of the response headers .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  sort   stubbed
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get prosite data from prosite .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  pulls   wrapping
truth:  pulls   handle

test:  run changed on the output .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  run   navigates
truth:  run   cron

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   downgrades
truth:  command   point

test:  yield child nodes or iterator over all child nodes .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  require the filename .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  create a trust key .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  get the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  set the rate limiting dict for the given rate .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  enable   formatted
truth:  enable   rate

test:  runs the command line interface via exit .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  returns the maximum of an array along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  return current minimum tmux configuration .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns a tuple of the drop and the number of a control control .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   basestring
truth:  place   migration

test:  return code object for given function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  list all languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  set attribute value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  parse a template into a dictionary for the given object .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a cgsnapshot .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  creates a generationhash and returns its argument .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  makes   localize
truth:  makes   reference

test:  retrieves the deployment_config_file physnet .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  retrieves   killed
truth:  retrieves   network

test:  gets the active template attribute for the given app .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return the full url of the words that can be used by the url .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse the results for yn header .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  copy files to build .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  minify   receiving
truth:  minify   js

test:  set up the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  make a test case which incorporates the given issue containing ifilesystemsnapshots .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  create   reflect
truth:  create   testcase

test:  hashes data of a given key .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  rc4   customized
truth:  rc4   salt

test:  write the exported version of a skeinforge repository .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  analyze   labeled
truth:  analyze   file

test:  populate a new mechanism and populate the relevant module with the given state .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  used   supplied
truth:  used   api

test:  return the current jupyter info .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  make sure that a gem uninstall'] is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  test installing from reqs file .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  finds the index of the given horizontal .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  stack   pulls
truth:  stack   null

test:  return the process information of a process .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test that we can remove nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   embedded
truth:  test   example

test:  update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   resolving
truth:  update   defaults

test:  convert any input to a matrix .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  builds   divides
truth:  builds   matrices

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  cycle through all the sources sources .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  emulate   pings
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  check if an apache backend exists and can be used to run a test .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  tests that hugs nullable type successfully .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   enhanced
truth:  update   object

test:  get matplotlib backend names .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  context manager that acquires a temporary file and pinning it to atomic for the given filepath .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  open   enhanced
truth:  open   object

test:  read and return image data from the file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  return a file content corresponding to the tree .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  a decorator for creating a context .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  given an option and a command line .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  used   float
truth:  used   decorator

test:  command : print .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   display
truth:  command   print

test:  load file from deploy to deploy .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  deploy   cloning
truth:  deploy   github

test:  returns a table object containing xpath item from xpath .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  fetch   bounds
truth:  fetch   table

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  wrapper function .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a base64-encoded string into a list of css records .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  read   store
truth:  read   memory

test:  install or update help with nginx .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   bounds
truth:  setup   table

test:  get/set an incoming curve keypair with a private curve zmq to only record .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  generate   unlock
truth:  generate   keypair

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  test   equalize
truth:  test   email

test:  return the type for an object .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outline   del
truth:  outline   gcode

test:  plot the .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  validate that the on-disk element is fully .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  pulls   visit
truth:  pulls   padding

test:  returns the length of the strings represented by the strings in s2 .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  string   databook
truth:  string   comparison

test:  returns the number of non-zero values for each feature in sparse x .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   restrict
truth:  compute   array

test:  test whether a resource is inside a inside a inside inside a certain inside the true value .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  validates a given field as markdown .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escapes   supports
truth:  escapes   text

test:  solves separable order order order order order differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  parse an error message using the tree .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  check if a filename is available from the system path fn to check if a python file .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   allowed
truth:  connect   aws

test:  deletes an item from the given datacenter and removes any associated usage .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  deletes   bdecodes
truth:  deletes   xblock

test:  extract module_content .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  for debugging message .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  debugging   reported
truth:  debugging   function

test:  helper to add 1000 endpoints to given 1st .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  split a numpy expression into its component and right .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   rrmgr
truth:  split   threshold

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  same as items .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  determine if the environment is valid on the current environment .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  tries to parse a date on the given date .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  check   temperature
truth:  check   date

test:  expression_opt : expression_opt .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   pulls
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return a specific tenants cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  calculate the gradient gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  pulls   increment
truth:  pulls   gradient

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate a list of all available footer links .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  returns a store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  delete table where and then deletes the string .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  deletes   bounds
truth:  deletes   table

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  place an order by specified value amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  get the absolute paths of the top-level external data directories of the top-level external data hook .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  test column with all identifier .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  computes md5sum of a md5 hash of the file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  configure email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   equalize
truth:  email   email

test:  run an example package in the __main__ module .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   tear
truth:  run   module

test:  how many times does a sum of a to b .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  a template tag to used by the settings to access a used by the magic string .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  download a mission from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  downloads   startup
truth:  downloads   mission

test:  call a function and kwargs from a dict .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  calls   filters
truth:  calls   fn

test:  get a string of the current tensor .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  set   providing
truth:  set   tensor

test:  set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the key of the filesystem into the key .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  obtain a previously saved objects from a file determine from the file_name whether .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  read   mounts
truth:  read   objects

test:  use plugin to use the plugin plugins to find the appropriate plugin parameters .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   identifies
truth:  set   plugin

test:  only load the module if apache is present .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  load   calculate
truth:  load   windows

test:  copy filesystem from one volume to another .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   aligns
truth:  copy   volume

test:  open the icondata of the window of the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  sets   resizes
truth:  sets   icon

test:  set the current block lists to the block of lists .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  constructs   cleaning
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  create sailthru list .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  create and return the sql statements .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  calculates the gaussian nloglike assumes x is 1d in x .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  validate a portname module is not a portname path .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  recursively processes a sequence of lists of strings .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  recursive   autoreleased
truth:  recursive   types

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  pulls   input
truth:  pulls   generators

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original folders for both single season pattern and multi .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   bartels
truth:  filters   contents

test:  find the descriptions from locations and citation pattern .
truth: if present . 
test:  present   pulls
truth:  present   null

test:  returns a domain name from the request .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to all tables tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   usage
truth:  move   rows

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute polynomial irreducibility test over finite fields .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  expand   overlay
truth:  expand   func

test:  list groups for groups .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   decide
truth:  list   groups

test:  extract a model from a glir matrix .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  express   restoring
truth:  express   data

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   persists
truth:  return   subsequence

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get roles or stored in a given local .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  class decorator for methods that dont know about any of the methods of a class .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  traverse   safe_octal
truth:  traverse   class

test:  returns the slug of a document .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  given   logarithmic
truth:  given   slug

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   display
truth:  like   print

test:  register a new user .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   shows
truth:  register   subclass

test:  raises frappe .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   gunicorn
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  set the user info cookie from the admin cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   modbus
truth:  creates   cookie

test:  view returning all of the json index from the given course index .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  returns   aliased
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the specified by the cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  contains   exposes
truth:  contains   values

test:  construct a compiler object from a class .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  adds the encoding of a given hot labels .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  transform   centers
truth:  transform   labels

test:  mangle a named group .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  mangle   stores
truth:  mangle   name

test:  creates a document .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  logarithm of a series expansion of the polynomial f at a in the series .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  function   renders
truth:  function   series

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  computes the maximum of a along the given axis .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  encode a string using an all-ones function .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  show idle-format warning after replacing warnings .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   eventlet
truth:  show   warning

test:  returns the value of a given value in the db datastore .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  initialize the helptopic model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   pushing
truth:  initialize   model

test:  extracts a list of istatechange from an item or other view .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  update the state of the task in the currently actually changed .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   mount
truth:  update   task

test:  locate locate with ? suggestive .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   closes
truth:  return   +

test:  get the absolute path to the current directory .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two strings with strings .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  start async process and run attached to the modbus twisted process .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  build a default audio for the audio language .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  builds   restoring
truth:  builds   data

test:  add terms with zero coefficients from f in k[x] .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  this function will automatically destroy the multiprocessing from multiprocessing .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  set the state of the lamp .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  get the namespace of the unique op node .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   incoming
truth:  find   op

test:  return a list of all the revision .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  display   loads
truth:  display   changes

test:  converts a number to a precision .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  return a decorator for a cached histogram .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  new project form .
truth: new project form . 
test:  project   r^2
truth:  project   form

test:  some of the arrays are not equal .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  removes a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  return string representation of the string in each string in the series/index .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   printed
truth:  replace   pattern

test:  download an url to a url .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  install the virtual environment for the given revision .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  install   unquoting
truth:  install   environment

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   exposes
truth:  accepts   values

test:  get the fab directory to use for temporary files .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  configures all users cli example: .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   spawn
truth:  configures   devices

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   pyopenssls
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  partial release section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   alignment
truth:  release   section

test:  yields a blob that resets the test completes .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  adds a task queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  shortcut   mount
truth:  shortcut   task

test:  in the mixing itree .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  pulls   algorithm
truth:  pulls   points

test:  strip filesystem-unfriendly characters from filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  test subunit output def steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  remove an element from the point .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   uncheck
truth:  remove   element

test:  return a pandas numpy type string for use with diagonal parameters dtypeelif : writeme the name of the target type of the dtype .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  converts   embeds
truth:  converts   pandas

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  creates an argument with the specified limit .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  given a tuple of name .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  tests   stores
truth:  tests   name

test:  regenerates a string from the api is a valid one .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  validate   listen
truth:  validate   key

test:  get the resolver class for a resource type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  tests whether a bundle bundle has a single bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  test tcp/udp validation .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  sets the value of the response to the response .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  add   assume
truth:  add   header

test:  returns a just .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  sign   offset
truth:  sign   parameters

test:  initialize the module .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  extend   currents
truth:  extend   state

test:  transforms the callback to xml .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  translate   bench
truth:  translate   value

test:  adds a constraint value to a dict .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   takes
truth:  scan   stream

test:  registered handler for the connection .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  run population rho .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  multi-class prediction squared .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  given a discussion topic return true if a set of courses which will be made against a specific course args: user_id: : the url returns: a specific course .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of unique list of dict mapping .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  create   attributes
truth:  create   arrays

test:  returns a list of all default handlers from handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  check whether socket is available on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   win
truth:  check   sockets

test:  rq command line def .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  change   freezing
truth:  change   configuration

test:  collect a valid master prompt .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  get   fake
truth:  get   load

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   deserialize
truth:  respond   csv

test:  registers a flag as a flag .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  registers   enhanced
truth:  registers   object

test:  return the basic value of a 32-bit encoded string .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  return openshift .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  get   causes
truth:  get   openshift

test:  return the identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  return   throttle
truth:  return   unit

test:  generate beautifulsoup mission and precompute config for a show .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  quotes a string so that it can be used as an array .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  get an items from a queue with a twos set .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  attempts   urlencode
truth:  attempts   item

test:  returns a hash of the hash of a given salt with the given name .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  return   terminate
truth:  return   password

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  convert a timedelta object to a days of seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  register a oauth application .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  excluding wants to convert a coding format to an excluding line .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  function   engulfing
truth:  function   coding

test:  calculate the t] from a histogram .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  recursively replace any iterator that contains the specified subset of a mode .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  map   pending
truth:  map   default

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses configured on the host .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get a free disk for a given bytes .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  gemm computing a dimshuffle .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  delete the application token .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  removes   enhanced
truth:  removes   object

test:  merge list of dictionaries .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  combines   review
truth:  combines   keys

test:  creates an exception class from cls .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  run read line from the python script .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  check   match
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write statistics for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  scale bem subject from subjects .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  scale   labeled
truth:  scale   file

test:  check to see if a pool exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  check   archive
truth:  check   member

test:  compress the path to the user if it doesnt already exist .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  reverse   overlay
truth:  reverse   func

test:  returns a list of information about the domain_name domain_name string to check for the virtual host system xml to check .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  checks   estimating
truth:  checks   domains

test:  reconstruct the object value into an array .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  reconstruct   enhanced
truth:  reconstruct   object

test:  adjust the attribute of a class the class .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  makes   safe_octal
truth:  makes   class

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   gauss
truth:  compares   strings

test:  draw the networkx graph g .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   aliased
truth:  attach   json

test:  compute edge centrality for nodes in different case .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  same as a >>= b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  usage: {% test_page_is_public page as follower %} sets the context for the current page to the current page .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  adds   bring
truth:  adds   page

test:  save properties from specs into instances system_metadata information .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   dictview
truth:  save   instance_type

test:  sequential sentences .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   attached
truth:  returns   statistic

test:  initialize the module and initialize the history if found .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  enable   remove
truth:  enable   history

test:  helper for case-insensitive .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  only run on netbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  takes a string and a number of ascii to string .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  pads   shared
truth:  pads   string

test:  consistently the last exception handling .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  stop the setuptools .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stops   colorized
truth:  stops   context

test:  helper function: displays streams in a str .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  syntax checking: missing scenarios should not exist if a feature set .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  pulls   splits
truth:  pulls   checking

test:  get the list of the current request token .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  get   iterate
truth:  get   auth

test:  return a dict of all available locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  returns the matrices of a matrix .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  plots histograms of pregnancy length for pregnancy pregnancy of pregnancy plots .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  test that batchnormalizedmlp works with appropriate layer tests .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  apply swap stdin and stdin .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  like print_exc() but return a list of raw ansi escape sequences .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  format   applied
truth:  format   trace

test:  register a new test suite .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  upload   sleep
truth:  upload   files

test:  require an root site .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  handles   access
truth:  handles   url

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  create a win32_terminalservicesetting command that will create the init command .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  returns a pending computer reboot .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  a simple structure to read the multipart structure .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  pulls   imageidfield
truth:  pulls   debugging

test:  strip experimental and tokenize from text .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  call signature:: .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  pulls   accepting
truth:  pulls   e

test:  test installing an editable from url with vcs packages .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   r^2
truth:  create   form

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  internal handler for spans of a bucket .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  extract   shared
truth:  extract   string

test:  tries to parse the given date string and return a utc datetime object .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  given   temperature
truth:  given   date

test:  validate config .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   looping
truth:  accepts   node

test:  clean up the sympy test database .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  degree of degree loss .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  returns   indicate
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  delete an login profile .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  deletes   plan
truth:  deletes   profile

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  read metamorph stk and return as an unsigned int .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   building
truth:  read   tag

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  configure flocker agent for testing the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   decompresses
truth:  configure   flocker

test:  make the input data if its true .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  sort   restrict
truth:  sort   array

test:  convert a dictionary to a subset of groups .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  list all cache subnet groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prepend path separater and the given path .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  prepend   pulls
truth:  prepend   null

test:  redirect to user .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restore references to a ccx to collections of incoming values returns the restore of the ccx ccx .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   weblate
truth:  restore   references

test:  ishow the figure and enter all the fltk for should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  check if variable is a shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  check   transliterate
truth:  check   variable

test:  suggest column names on table columns from table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  returns true if the sgemv needs to be used .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  scaled sign .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  restore the top logging level handlers .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  function to create a least-squares from a given name .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  remove   stores
truth:  remove   name

test:  ask the model to return what the user has been set .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  generate   preselected
truth:  generate   choice

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   reorders
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  query the datastore .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  like rearranged but return the invoke key with a sorted direction .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  select   clones
truth:  select   server

test:  generate the expired text for the text .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  responds   simulating
truth:  responds   input

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  test that a cache column maps .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts an unload hook into an application processor .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  converts   belong
truth:  converts   hook

test:  inject the source files into a destination .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  set process command line commands .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  execute assignments directly on a request .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  test that an exception not built into a expected content .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  parse an iterator into a single multipleseqalignment file handle .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  builds kinds from kinds .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  pulls   sympy
truth:  pulls   slice

test:  ensure that the module is active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  training controller - used for skill - used for participants view .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   touch
truth:  training   controller

test:  decode a string into a list of cloud combines .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  chops   pulls
truth:  chops   null

test:  read lsm time from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  scan a postfix submission of postfix .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  test for get word from java file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test for image backends .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  tests   thinks
truth:  tests   issue

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  enable the named container cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  used as a parameter to replace a specified user .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  get all containers in a deployment .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  turn   currents
truth:  turn   state

test:  handle offsets for label .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  select   go
truth:  select   channels

test:  this function expects a web application or cookies .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  helper to make a python string for use in a models .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  evaluate a string into a datetime .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  string   padded
truth:  string   evaluation

test:  clear out all of the caches in the minion cache .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   sleep
truth:  clear   files

test:  returns a delayed of the given jobs .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  iterate the function through a sequence of function .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  apply   overlay
truth:  apply   func

test:  get disk block device path for given file .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns the name of a function .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  attempts   guessing
truth:  attempts   namespace

test:  return a symbolic array for a string of v and b .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check whether a function is a function .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  wrap   filters
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for filterform .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write a component .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   msg
truth:  write   component

test:  formats a summary of the desired article string .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test freezing a package with exclude .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a bit of events to node of upload .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  shift   rescales
truth:  shift   event

test:  closed closed model class .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  a generator for generating return_to operation .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  access to the register event .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  context manager which asserts the current buffer to temporary file next available handlers and |cursor_position| .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  used   compresses
truth:  used   statement

test:  change the effective group and a specific user id .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   theorem
truth:  change   privileges

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  converts a string argument to a boolean true value .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  run all commands .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a list of documents from the search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  removes   revoke
truth:  removes   collections

test:  decode a string into the number of number - already encoded string .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   ayoung
truth:  decode   base

test:  clear the environment .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns the url of the course position for the given course .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  return   pivoted
truth:  return   place

test:  returns a list of all karma objects a user is currently karma .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   aristas
truth:  return   titles

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get a role policy for a role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  checks if the current version is available for some of the workflow .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  check   bandstop
truth:  check   release

test:  returns a idle fund encoded tk .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  gets the certificate for the ca certificates in the ca order .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  helper for simulating .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  preprocessing   teardown
truth:  preprocessing   type

test:  create a symlink at path .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  a generator that can be used to generate some subset of the representation of a list n .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  test to make sure that the body correctly can be set to true or false if the preceding ends .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  unregister a fieldset .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   entries
truth:  unregister   review

test:  inspect the logging system .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  delete specified attachment specs .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  loads all lexers from a module .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  load   unlocks
truth:  load   lexer

test:  parse the options then into a dictionary .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  recursively translate attributes to the running attributes .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  translate   replace
truth:  translate   create

test:  delete the s3 key from s3 .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  function   mixing
truth:  function   cleanup

test:  ask the user to .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  parse a text string into integer .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  convert a sound check string value as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   files
truth:  convert   check

test:  returns the timezone string that matches a timezone object .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   support
truth:  accepts   time

test:  set the alert attribute .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  decorator to override a validator method .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  creates a callback weak from a list of args .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  calculate   listen
truth:  calculate   key

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to format a file system path .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  return the number of dbref that are made in a given string value .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  see :meth: .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  evaluates   binhexed
truth:  evaluates   tests

test:  cast gpu .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  test   lift
truth:  test   behaviour

test:  extraordinary module that defines the input try to include some build_index(): tag that should give the correct format .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  checks   retrive
truth:  checks   checks

test:  global values from the input vector .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  corrupts   smooth
truth:  corrupts   vector

test:  generate old path between two chains .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get the info structure for a container .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   differentiate
truth:  get   accounts

test:  decorator that checks if a function is called or method .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get the list of docker gce instance from the system .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  trigger scheduler .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   challengenes
truth:  trigger   hooks

test:  add a contributor to a document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   failed
truth:  add   contributor

test:  save the given module .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  save   deflate
truth:  save   config

test:  returns the size in bytes .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  run one or more shell command .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  run   rect
truth:  run   work

test:  latency for a push .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  echo   prioritized
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrapper for hub page titles .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  return the latest version of a repository .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  forcibly get a value from an s3 string .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  verifies that the command contains the provided pass .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  converts the string from a area into a yaml string .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  test column column names that can be no longer used for qtable .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  replace   mutate
truth:  replace   column

test:  build a relative payroll end .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  returns   reencrypt
truth:  returns   start

test:  write the openid response from the given response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  steps that match groups takes named groups as named .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  unicode unicode function for human readable representation of expr .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   express
truth:  renames   -

test:  return the version string for use in rpm .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  parse   extract
truth:  parse   version

test:  function which performs the call to be used as threaded .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  read eeg meg .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   ignores
truth:  read   meg

test:  check the inverse of the production value .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  given a ip_ports string .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  parse   receives
truth:  parse   port

test:  get access token from an access token .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  access   emit
truth:  access   access

test:  write the name of the index index for a group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  select a list of paths from the provided path .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  restful crud controller for resource .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if there is a free device that can be installed or not .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  run a remote system as a string .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   allocate
truth:  run   user

test:  keystone client .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  create the continuous l2 norm of f in the basis .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  projects   reported
truth:  projects   function

test:  validate whether the given ip address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  get the absolute area of a vector3 polygon .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   clamp
truth:  get   area

test:  check if the tool is available .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  sets the unittest flags option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   translates
truth:  sets   flags

test:  decorator that checks if the cart is enabled .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  perform a key from the basic subtitles output .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  closes a completed indexes .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  given   increase
truth:  given   nodes

test:  load two linear operators .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  give   overwrites
truth:  give   shape

test:  return matching the argspec object .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue in the queue if there are any .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   pulls
truth:  pop   null

test:  creates an input variable with the same shape .
truth: input data . 
test:  input   restoring
truth:  input   data

test:  validates that the supplied arguments are valid .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  test installing current package with local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create a gpg or list of gpg for which the gpg belongs .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   absorb
truth:  return   gpg

test:  call the function the llvm function .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  recurse through all instances of the given message and return the new report .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  format   sleep
truth:  format   files

test:  a simple login protected view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  return the base64 encoded object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  serializes   enhanced
truth:  serializes   object

test:  return the potential energy of a multibody system .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  pulls   humanized
truth:  pulls   energy

test:  convert all keys of a given object .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  return a plausible string representing a elements from a iban .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  returns   restart
truth:  returns   account

test:  grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   constructs
truth:  grab   lock

test:  add some items to xml .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays horizontally .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   extract
truth:  prints   version

test:  decorator which mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  used   mixing
truth:  used   cleanup

test:  registers an entry from a given named named pairs .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the value of a tensor .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  get   overriding
truth:  get   dimension

test:  uses methods to check the l{error_class_map} methods on a class model .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  serialize   pushing
truth:  serialize   model

test:  unquoting configuration options from the default theme if it isnt raised .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  executes up the database .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  pulls   shutdown
truth:  pulls   tables

test:  check if a vm exists cli example: .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  query   hostname
truth:  query   vm

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  this is a perls function that is a valid dictionary .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  unary_expression : sizeof unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the list of errors that have been errors and the python version .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   ssl
truth:  returns   errors

test:  temp a file to the given path .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  return a set of all the services needs to be installed .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  determines   grouping
truth:  determines   system

test:  set the data in the clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  set   filter_template
truth:  set   clipboard

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  check a slug if a slug exists .
truth: check slug . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  df_modelwc lazily .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a project by name .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  get the priority of a sparse migration by a volume .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  merges a bunch of option into a single crl hash object .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  given   bench
truth:  given   value

test:  creates the acts matrix on addparentstofks .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  get last modified date of a range .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  guess   pulls
truth:  guess   null

test:  check if the object is an ovs type .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  tear down a cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  iterate the increasing and increasing or dates .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  makes   applied
truth:  makes   trace

test:  return full version string cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  set movie play media player .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  return the path to the user specifying whether the novell events to access .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return the nth standardized moment of the probability distribution .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  parse an http xml string into a fixed maximum value .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  compute the filter in reverse format using the given params .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  mean   forget
truth:  mean   inverse

test:  return info on unknown image(s) uuid : string optional uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  show   mix
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses a version string like "2004-08-30 .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parses   address
truth:  parses   sqlalchemy

test:  check all entrance exam problems .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  grabs   unmap
truth:  grabs   descriptors

test:  the calling of the same result as high .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  return the attribute methods from the given object .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the complex path from a vector3 path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the sparse variable of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  all expression in s where s is of expression .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  checking   tracked
truth:  checking   s

test:  return the harris and variance of a tensor image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   install
truth:  compute   response

test:  get a class from an object as constructor .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  get   crack
truth:  get   _

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   restrict
truth:  prewitt   array

test:  make the query buffer for all qr .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  add a medias loop .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   moving
truth:  add   broadcast

test:  find a pathname of css file by the given package name .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  url   paging
truth:  url   interface

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  returns true if the specified ip is running .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  given   receives
truth:  given   port

test:  add a host to the ckan alias .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   preloading
truth:  add   host

test:  test installing from url .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  perform an a record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  sends an dry email using the target .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  copied   alteratives
truth:  copied   website

test:  how many open command .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  replace   emitting
truth:  replace   character

test:  load a query wiggle scores .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  ordinals windows page = a single suite of other coefficients .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  win   pulls
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   gzip
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder of utils .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  show commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  print   compressing
truth:  print   menu

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   cast
truth:  commits   transaction

test:  check use library to make sure use a resources library is installed .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  specify   excluded
truth:  specify   party

test:  creates a color function .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  install and update the score for the specified user and xblock usage .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  set   skipping
truth:  set   score

test:  a single topic to test the locked topic .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  locked   stops
truth:  locked   topic

test:  return a list of all python extensions extensions for which to run .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  get   hydrate
truth:  get   core

test:  return a string such that the given path can be single string .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  disassociate specified volume specs from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  returns the function which silences a function .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  return a 48-bit extension for a python type .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  remove all formatting codes from the beginning of a targeted query .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  yaml: delivery-pipeline requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:delivery builder plugin <log+parser+plugin> .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transform url from channel to list of address .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  modified   access
truth:  modified   url

test:  restores plugin configuration from the current renewalparams results .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  split an expression into a file: .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  return str in ascii-only python string .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  test that "text" correctly .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  check   flattens
truth:  check   output

test:  confirm that x is equivalent to the python version .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  helper function to test if an object is a string .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  statement_list : lbrace initializer_list rbrace | lbrace initializer_list comma rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students problem grades and push the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   escapes
truth:  compute   student

test:  guess a vim .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 2-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  determine if the provided signature is invalid .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the boxcox density estimate of the different values .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  compute   collate
truth:  compute   box

test:  simulates numa fit to the numa fit for a given instance .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  fit   impute
truth:  fit   topology

test:  test that .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  verifies that the given output status not a given set .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  passing   uppercase
truth:  passing   harvest

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  validates that a host is valid and can be a no-op schema .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  validate   presents
truth:  validate   mapping

test:  tries to match an integer from the system .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  pulls   equate
truth:  pulls   browser

test:  compare two sequences: elements contained in a .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   eliminates
truth:  compare   elements

test:  create a helper for url with some urls .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  the tree can only include values .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  intercept attempts to be the dynamic tree .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  clobber   constrain
truth:  clobber   attribute

test:  classify knn from a fits file .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  classify   safe_octal
truth:  classify   class

test:  return the unescaped pmf of n .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  restores long names from a table by removing names from a previous table .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  modifies   step
truth:  modifies   names

test:  return a list of font files for all system directories for a given file system .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  add a new bookmark .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  create   reallocation
truth:  create   collection

test:  compute histogram variable .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  attach   height
truth:  attach   lot

test:  converts a field in a dict and returns the reference from an entity .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  copy   localize
truth:  copy   reference

test:  creates the extension for the extension .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  removes the version of the specified command .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  mock   authorizes
truth:  mock   command

test:  check if the object is a single list .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  make sure the text is cleared properly .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  update default configuration options .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  update   forbid
truth:  update   options

test:  get the minimum value of option from option .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  choose   uncheck
truth:  choose   element

test:  ensure that everything loads correctly .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  files   sleep
truth:  files   files

test:  zip ony message route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  format   astring
truth:  format   route

test:  return the revision id of the network .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  command : def id lparen id rparen equals error .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   search
truth:  command   d

test:  return a list of the names of the current dialogs .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return usb_devices information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  decorator for demo functions that are not a stack trace .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a model both the model that was visible to the update update from a model learning now .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  construct   reported
truth:  construct   function

test:  intersect of a polynomial taylor .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  fill   labeled
truth:  fill   file

test:  return the legal service .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the specified output contains n columns .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   flattens
truth:  asserts   output

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes the edges between a graph and a set of aliased .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  a rational name .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  create a snapshot of body .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   expect
truth:  create   body

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   base64
truth:  construct   ring

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  sets the useragent for several models .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  set   reading
truth:  set   agent

test:  check to make sure the default plot works properly .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  performs a resource mapping .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  hook   teardown
truth:  hook   type

test:  splits a leaf in groups into groups of the form required by the urlencode .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  split   array
truth:  split   computation

test:  remove a user from an email address .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  adding a value to the device .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  override   statsd
truth:  override   timeout

test:  bump cache for product in case shop is not given all the shop products for the product is bumped .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  bump   eliminating
truth:  bump   cache

test:  caching cache of the cache backend should be empty .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  caching   pulls
truth:  caching   null

test:  return a list of environment variable in the minion cli example: .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return value based on tool variable .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns the bytes required to encode the tag with this field number .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  try to find out the directories from a file .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  remove the tree at the given directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the expand hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  these acl complexes list and returns a list of items that have a larger string that we give in both notation .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  represent   shutdown
truth:  represent   tables

test:  encode the messages payload in quoted-printable .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   whiteboard
truth:  encode   payload

test:  return a list of resource identifiers for the source .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   bans
truth:  return   resources

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  returns the description of a resources .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  this continuous started the input data point .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  scale   bench
truth:  scale   value

test:  yaml: rvm performs the build for rvm with build .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   accept
truth:  pulls   env

test:  return the surface of graphs that are between rd .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  pulls   carves
truth:  pulls   constraint

test:  wraps the application in the pony .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  adds   grant
truth:  adds   power

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  run a folder or patch on a machine .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  check to subscribe data from mailchimp .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  determine if a given image file path is a valid image file or a file .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  group items by backend .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  start a locale .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  connection string .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the instructor of a given instructortask entry in a given instructor .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get all user invoice for the given course .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  gets   serializes
truth:  gets   preferences

test:  save config file .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  convert   freezing
truth:  convert   configuration

test:  wrap a set of column in a matrix .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  multiplies   highlight
truth:  multiplies   row

test:  the pprint for all functions and module functions .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  base   unbinds
truth:  base   exceptions

test:  single box with multi-node .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  convert   adds
truth:  convert   r

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  check whether toc is available on files in toc .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  detect   enhanced
truth:  detect   object

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  check the status of a number of files .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  files   point
truth:  files   status

test:  get the geometry tools directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  klintegrator thread stacks for all collection .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  convert a uri string of uri into an uri reference .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return a list of connected component of nodes in g .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  returns all templates and filenames of the given set of filenames .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   pulls
truth:  command   null

test:  sample from sample class probabilities .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  retrieve all defaults associated with a given quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   optimize
truth:  retrieve   quotas

test:  iterates over all the keys in a class .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  function   puts
truth:  function   canvas

test:  function that measures the loss from the target as an input array .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  computes the earths of the current documentlistaclfeed .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  pulls   basestring
truth:  pulls   migration

test:  migrates the internal logger to automatically none .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add new site queue .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  add   equalize
truth:  add   email

test:  returns the number of individual interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  pulls   demos
truth:  pulls   scan

test:  remove a handler reference from a list of handlers or matching the internal cleanup list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  return the cumulative product of the values along the given axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  recurse through lint operations .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return the turan graph of n nodes .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   config
truth:  return   patterns

test:  read file with encoding and encoding .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  migrate location credentials for swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   expose
truth:  migrate   credentials

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  add   base64
truth:  add   ring

test:  add a pool to a pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  stop all workers .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  check   resulting
truth:  check   workers

test:  check if a link is any any any of the given marketing link .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  tokenize the current description .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  tokenize   shared
truth:  tokenize   string

test:  prints pprint for the repr of the specified object .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  get hourly traffic for an campaigns .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test major dots with a major label dots .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   stop
truth:  test   dots

test:  get event strategy / params .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  pulls   toggle
truth:  pulls   infinite

test:  ensure the named vm is running .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  starts   jitter
truth:  starts   guest

test:  clone a vdi by :func:resolve_styles() .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  generic error message with a decoder .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  transforms from a python string using alphabetical order .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  transform   autoencoder
truth:  transform   xml

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  test disarmed slugify with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  pulls   server_root
truth:  pulls   opts

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  check if request to the request has been logged in to view .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  obtain   occurring
truth:  obtain   authorization

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   rising
truth:  return   group

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   stores
truth:  update   name

test:  run the python interpreter instance .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  set a setting like values; requirement if starting with a button button .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  update the given instance .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   computing
truth:  test   initialisation

test:  regression test for a regression test for a regression where the angle of different mode .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  create a project with args containing if the cookiecutter is not none .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  guess the path for prior formatted as: .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  marks the function as being exempt from the mode of the function .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  make   built
truth:  make   maintenance

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   collects
truth:  returns   count

test:  returns a group delete confirmation page .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   enumerator_list
truth:  returns   confirmation

test:  decorator for methods which are bench a bench test .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  returns the url for the given tabs with the given id from the tabs .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  convert a matplotlib set of raw data to voltage .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get list of configured system resolvers image .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  provides   trivial
truth:  provides   connection

test:  verifies that a directory does not provided does not exist .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   crop
truth:  verifies   directory

test:  check if a service is available on boot cli example: .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  get the evaluated value as a string .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return an understandable error from the given tb .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  check if vars sets the environment variables defined in environment variables .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  helper function to convert an expression in a inclusive variable .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  convert   divides
truth:  convert   matrices

test:  split a list of hosts pairs into components .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  run a process and return its output .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   publish
truth:  save   graph

test:  return the number of seconds from the preceding .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  trims link to text .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  create an image .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   bench
truth:  save   value

test:  test purging user using user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   archive
truth:  format   member

test:  generate a random asset key for a course .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generates   enhanced
truth:  generates   object

test:  read named ranges .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   overwriting
truth:  read   ranges

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the latest tag of the git release .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  removes a logrotate script for the logs that the specified app .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  removes   optimized
truth:  removes   script

test:  helper method to lookup a command and execute it .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  the closest search that are the same .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  pad   eliminates
truth:  pad   elements

test:  return a set of instances .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  resolve   instantiate
truth:  resolve   arguments

test:  only for macos with moduleonlyworksonmac module installed .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  require an addons reviewer reviewer .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   local_rvs
truth:  require   addons

test:  convert a fontsize .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   reserializes
truth:  run   widget

test:  sets a extra wsgi application .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  aggregated sources: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get a list of groups and the set of groups .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   listen
truth:  constructs   key

test:  run the test suite .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  shared   pulls
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  read from a string or stream .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test whether the overall function is higher as an instance of a node .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  search   reported
truth:  search   function

test:  remove the action to be sent in a given session .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  prompt   pick
truth:  prompt   callback

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents of the file .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  a decorator to add a single method to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_method property <newmethod>: pass .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the serial status from the system .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  finds   step
truth:  finds   names

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add plugins and the menu to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  returns a flag for a given object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  read a generator yielding a series of iterables .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  generate   packed
truth:  generate   chunks

test:  returns the network device key .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  create eeg average test case .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  draw polygon in polygon .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  given   logs
truth:  given   vertices

test:  determine dns data from host .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  determine   negate
truth:  determine   resource

test:  match the python source given by an sdk report .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  extract   enhance
truth:  extract   items

test:  sets the state of the from state by state .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  given   stacks
truth:  given   states

test:  unserialize post/put data processor .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  accept   express
truth:  accept   -

test:  parses the api query string from the test date .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given an payment instance .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  get   svn
truth:  get   dicts

test:  transforms a numpy array into a list of values args: array : the storage parameter args to transform returns: list or dict .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transform   attributes
truth:  transform   arrays

test:  utility function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  enable the entity cache .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   eliminating
truth:  enable   cache

test:  like layout .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  infer   pulls
truth:  infer   null

test:  set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example:
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  task that disables the user has an email address .
truth: keep user . 
test:  keep   allocate
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a method that can be around pages .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the file paths .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  get information on an elb policy .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  return a host object for the route53 of the dhcp gateway .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  resolves pillar data to the pillar with pillar .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  return   settings

test:  the separator for y#n into a list of links .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  find the locate library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  tries   wheather
truth:  tries   library

test:  when installing from a version with a upgrade or not .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  convert dotted path to standard dotted path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  calculate and save the support forum counts .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  return the entire language code with a given format .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  return   iuploader
truth:  return   lookup

test:  set up the requested world air quality index .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  ensures all of the available commands can only run once .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  check if liberal is a string .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps api calls with role based access controls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  wraps   dispatched
truth:  wraps   calls

test:  convert the modules file name from the octal filename to octal .
truth: using os . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  generate   teardown
truth:  generate   type

test:  see if the psql failed sender is a valid feasible sender .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  ensure   requesting
truth:  ensure   i

test:  return the docstrings of class .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  sets the redirect device to a request .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  returns the module of the given data .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter the regular expression or remove from otus sorted by the ols .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  filters   lstrip
truth:  filters   set

test:  convert all the number in json format to a json score .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  some code now .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  pulls   testsuites
truth:  pulls   keyword

test:  prepend all the modules from the given path .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  return   init
truth:  return   modules

test:  destroy the floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   height
truth:  destroy   lot

test:  slices lists of current users using the same axis .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  index   switch
truth:  index   list

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  wraps   base64encodes
truth:  wraps   djangos

test:  return a list of targets that are dependencies from each input store .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  tell whether or not the source object has a remote list .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  takes a list of pairs .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  build   expect
truth:  build   body

test:  returns true if a user has staff for the course .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  convert a file system path to a path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   tokenizing
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  setup the demo light platform .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the content type for a tree or an html5lib type .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  restful crud controller - used to just search_ac for completed servers .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get migration mode of instance and instance none .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  returns true if a prime number uses the incoming falseglobal .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  returns *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a decorator from a file and returns a decorator .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a hy compatible xml data .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  determine   unifies
truth:  determine   encoding

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  decodes a rrq wrq .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  fit dask by name into a dask .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  calculate the quantize statistic .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  returns the last message .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  uses   switch
truth:  uses   list

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   attach
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of child link .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   retuned
truth:  link   revisions

test:  check all two strings of two dataseries .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  get the network status given a vcenter .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  extract the total seconds in a timedelta that represents a single time before the input was last delta .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  resource endpoint endpoint handler .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   lets
truth:  endpoint   handler

test:  checks whether the given function is a valid string .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create api key cli example: .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  list pending entries that are pending entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  api: accepts name .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  converts different types to cartesian .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  handles   whiteboard
truth:  handles   payload

test:  construct an appropriate message to the message containing structure .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  rfc   pulls
truth:  rfc   null

test:  checks to see if the specific module is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  add allocated_id to postgresql table in version 149 .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  returns first item in seq .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  returns true if a given technique is a query from a given technique specified .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a pathname .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  combines   flip
truth:  combines   python

test:  for a given course and xblock .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  convert   compose
truth:  convert   usage

test:  differentiate polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   calculate
truth:  confine   windows

test:  try to install the tornado ioloop .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  get a general decorator that can be used with a refer .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  adds   located
truth:  adds   method

test:  open the keyboard cover for muting cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  return the container info for this minion cli example: .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  returns   satisfy
truth:  returns   container

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   truncate
truth:  creates   savepoint

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  create a new pem string .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  manage   bartels
truth:  manage   contents

test:  return true if the graph g is strongly regular graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decodes corrected against v .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  install the conda environment .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  function to convert an instance to a dictionary .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  given   mounts
truth:  given   objects

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  returns a list of related models to job ids .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  encode problem as deprecated .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return the given users dashboard activity stream as last updated with the last activity stream .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  mark   generate
truth:  mark   users

test:  test that densedesignmatrix to a local value has at the end of input .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given the topology and an rpm_path .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  extract   impute
truth:  extract   topology

test:  validate and format the id for inviting .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  return the first element of the content of an input string .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  turn a rule into a tree .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  return   unescapes
truth:  return   rule

test:  ensure that the given registry is absent name the name of the key to remove runas user to create the command to remove a given registry from the given registry
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  try/except a draft name that takes the ftp version and returns the draft version for it .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  cleans   widening
truth:  cleans   location

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  return timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  check whether the current user is a authorized authorized key from config .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  build the gpg command and install if it isnt already exist .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  puts   pulls
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate a search query for a term .
truth: return query string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  parse a cookie header into a tuple of check interfaces .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   modbus
truth:  parse   cookie

test:  perform an the accepted command line .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  parse   authorizes
truth:  parse   command

test:  wait until a operation has completed .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  fires   pulls
truth:  fires   null

test:  prints out the current course we a given course and prints a message .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  prints   catch
truth:  prints   course

test:  parses paramiko image file and returns less than specified indices .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table length of the feature is longer than the remaining remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   imposes
truth:  subtract   f

test:  turns on or off a raid device cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   grouping
truth:  turns   system

test:  maps the input range to [0 .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   simplifying
truth:  maps   range

test:  updates a property name .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  clear   start
truth:  clear   zone

test:  get simplified with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   arrays
truth:  get   half

test:  get the current userprofile that a given user from to store .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  prepend a list into a string .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  reads an affine image .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  pulls   unignores
truth:  pulls   patches

test:  return the line number in the line which is line .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   incoming
truth:  return   op

test:  internal workflow operation to delete an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  pulls   includes
truth:  pulls   entrance

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  context manager to temporarily change the file to a temporary directory .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   dimension
truth:  disable   serializers

test:  compute connectivity from a compute compute the compute connectivity .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  get a testsuite that contains test cases in python .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   binhexed
truth:  find   tests

test:  helper function to check if a string exists in the proper property .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  returns euclidean distance between vectors and u .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  convert a list of integers to a string .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  pulls   choice
truth:  pulls   formats

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   building
truth:  get   tag

test:  returns either a list from the flattened .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get the preface file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   del
truth:  get   gcode

test:  extract the raw credentials from the environment .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  destroy the user oauth .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  destroys   emit
truth:  destroys   access

test:  return translation matrix to translation matrix .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  returns the info about the api .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   pair
truth:  get   photo

test:  provides a dispatcher for the given data .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  instantiate   backup
truth:  instantiate   properties

test:  queues an opt-out email .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   terminates
truth:  queues   opt

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank using random sampling .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  jaccard similarity of the jaccard similarity .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  given a url with authentication components .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  given   format_alignment
truth:  given   authentication

test:  validates comment name and above comment limits .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  send pull from email on account .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  runs   prettify
truth:  runs   process

test:  want to build a dns lookup from a list of installing zone .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  turns   pulls
truth:  turns   null

test:  train a dictionary of the network units .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wildcards the given patterns for use in d: args: patterns : .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  compute   switch
truth:  compute   list

test:  return an instance of a response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  generates standard normal variates with the normalization in order of the normal distribution .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an unknown type raise an unknown type .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  check if a device is a device memory .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  computes the arch of the mean line .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  configures   sparks
truth:  configures   number

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  return memory usage of memory that are supplied to have cli example: .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  is user allowed to soft-delete article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  get the pci device by addr or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update a agents .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  modify   reading
truth:  modify   agent

test:  return the </script> method for an object .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get_debug_values should return values when debugger is values that are missing .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  initialize the application .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  get the url for a pull request .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  attempt   trace
truth:  attempt   merge

test:  creates the url to admin url .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  extract hostname and groups for each group in the short database .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  sets the random monitor used for bup in tests .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  get the current user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  return   display
truth:  return   print

test:  given the host and a port .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  fixture which provides a mozilla user in a dictionary .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  notify print about the given recipients addresses .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  calls   mount
truth:  calls   task

test:  returns a list of child strings .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  patches the then notify of a function .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate @m data with noisy noisy @m .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  create   restoring
truth:  create   data

test:  instantiate a certificate to the ssl environment .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  wrap   extracts
truth:  wrap   socket

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  display the celery settings .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  rescale image by taking each non-negative scale with taking taking .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  deprecated   port
truth:  deprecated   helper

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  write the list of serial files to a named existing cli example: .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  return the calendar description of the calendar info .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  convert   ignored
truth:  convert   google

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  convert a feature into a file of binary words .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  build   embedded
truth:  build   example

test:  decorator to temporarily returning a partition of bokeh .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pulls   chisquare
truth:  pulls   tuples

test:  merges and sort an errors .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  merge   ssl
truth:  merge   errors

test:  find a correlation matrix using a interpolation matrix this is a wrapper .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  bind anchor .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  find the indexes of an expression .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the data from a set of rms values .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  the min score to be a max max score .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validates   skipping
truth:  validates   score

test:  compare two objects .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  validate that a device is valid and wont are not valid .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   igor
truth:  validate   device

test:  calculate t-confint to save typing .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start a wsgi response .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  alternative sigmoid function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  for more log info .
truth: adds site . 
test:  adds   handles
truth:  adds   site

test:  indent indent for differential .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  calculate the chunk of the current thread .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  encodes   linkify
truth:  encodes   integer

test:  returns availability seeds of a given leeches .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  returns   predefined
truth:  returns   rating

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   unpublicizes
truth:  returns   description

test:  convert pages to a list of items .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  convert   saves
truth:  convert   links

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  installs the new session and installs the new database .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  sunos list of current routing table cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  this returns a handle to the page classes that can use for a given page .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  yield   shortens
truth:  yield   classes

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   simplifying
truth:  carves   range

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  a context manager that changes the application to a with statement .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   debug
truth:  context   profiling

test:  copies source to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   representing
truth:  copies   specification

test:  returns the short platform name of a short platform .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  makes a filesystem instance for a device .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  set auth if not provided .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  set   hashing
truth:  set   cherrypy

test:  merge extra argument into one .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  check the arguments after the mongoworker parameter in the release .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  process   instantiate
truth:  process   arguments

test:  discover all of the modules from a package directory .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  discover   pulls
truth:  discover   null

test:  skip decorator for tests that require functional hash .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   binhexed
truth:  skip   tests

test:  return the header of the comment header .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  test the case with a sound .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  return a cleaned up signal .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  compare two entity and return their error .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  parse command line arguments .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  adds a new public key to the public key .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  mkalias of the resource portion of the resource fork of dst .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  create   orders
truth:  create   alias

test:  get list of users in the page .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  decode a raw file from the given path .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  transforms model of the probability for a release of seconds .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  verifies that a filename is not created .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  retrieve a base directory for the pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  converts a string to unicode .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  test relative_to option .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  test returns returns returns returns returns returns returns returns an choose returns a number of returns true if the port returns both the port is in the port port is
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  set a key to store extra data for a currency .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  format   bench
truth:  format   value

test:  ensure the named signal is absent name name the name of the virtual signal to remove user user the user to remove user to remove user user user the host
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  validate the means .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  reads a file contents and returns the resulting tree contents .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  when a user is adding an account to a reset password page .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  mark a function or method as unsafe:: @unsafe unauthenticated .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  like locatefilename .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  helper function to return the expires certificate from the certificate name of the certificate to assign the certificate to the certificate to the certificate .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  print a message about the exit .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  compute the pseudoinverse interpolation for an array .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  uses get() to return a rdbms manager for a klass .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  extract a dictionary of values from a given dict .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  navigate   restoring
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns a dict with matching objects as keys and their associated user attributes .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  return the depth of the var(p) symbol into rectangles .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  find   abbreviate
truth:  find   rectangle

test:  declare a file-like object from a header in an image .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return the list of the version .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  remove   poll
truth:  remove   versions

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  test the importability options .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  check if version is greater than or equal to the given version .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert an registry keys and values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  print the topojson level .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  revert dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  exclude the freesurfer_home directory of the home directory .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  filter   unescaped
truth:  filter   entries

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  gets all open threads for the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   resolved
truth:  fetches   threads

test:  verify that the metaclass gets passed in the metaclass .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator for adding an action to a method .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  get the perspective graph of the derivative process name .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  creates a catalog by name from the catalog for the given catalog .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  like (same .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  run   allows
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  cluster is a cluster with covariance matrix parameters results : array .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  return true if mode is from a character special device file .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  return the string representing the regular expression .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  redirect to user .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restful controller - used for hr types .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  a warning level state .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  return a list of the user ids in a given list of users .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  turn   generate
truth:  turn   users

test:  spartist processor -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  pulls   visualize
truth:  pulls   artist

test:  walk the immediate chain and chain .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  yield   uncheck
truth:  yield   element

test:  return a sorted list of all tracked files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  makes a property property that has a set of its info .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   were
truth:  makes   property

test:  helper to send an update job .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  build the egg egg from a textual archive .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  build   stripped
truth:  build   egg

test:  returns the id of a group identified by a group .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  given   preload
truth:  given   content

test:  returns the connected hostname from a specific port .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  checks if a document matches the given document .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  match   pass
truth:  match   document

test:  if a user is available cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return true if the filename matches the given filename .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  construct a new solc .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   crack
truth:  called   _

test:  same as a older b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  returns a generator that can be used to encode a single column with leading entities .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  finds   forget
truth:  finds   inverse

test:  finder can be used with a one-item index in the list of urls .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  return a list of the roles with a given group .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   serves
truth:  return   roles

test:  convert a string to a valid filename .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  ensure   history

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  pulls   compose
truth:  pulls   usage

test:  to convert an interface to a regular expression .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  take   paging
truth:  take   interface

test:  enable maximum concurrency .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   saving
truth:  enable   feature

test:  format a list of all the terms of a dependencygrammar .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  given the path .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  fill in a notebook script to the notebook or the notebook .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  writes   setuptools
truth:  writes   notebook

test:  performs metagenomeseqs input statistics to a directory of metagenomeseqs statistics .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   input_fft_v
truth:  performs   normalization

test:  the error code is returned with the last argument .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  tell the tag release to the project .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  tag   bandstop
truth:  tag   release

test:  return string in a valid path .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  creates a new dataset .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  creates   registering
truth:  creates   views

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  retrieves a list of indexes for the given index .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  checks if the request has expired as bitbucket for the current site .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  convert an object to a list .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   switch
truth:  converts   list

test:  test column column can be used for mixin to yaml .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  test   mutate
truth:  test   column

test:  check if a string starts with a valid value .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  a decorator for handling methods .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  removes the last upgrade model .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  return   specifies
truth:  return   methods

test:  return a dictionary with constant keys removed .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  substitute   homebrew_packages
truth:  substitute   structure

test:  this page is blank .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  noop   pulls
truth:  noop   null

test:  compile python implementation calls .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  takes   force
truth:  takes   kwargs

test:  log a cost-per-click handlers according to database .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  configure   embed
truth:  configure   logging

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  clobber the given schema for the given schema .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  function   skipped
truth:  function   use

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  check to make sure set_orientation works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  apply the vagrant variables for vagrant use in vagrant servicenow .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  unpause when all .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  scheduled   pulls
truth:  scheduled   null

test:  parses a spec file and returns a tuple of the text lines .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  returns a harmonic matrix to create a symmetric matrix .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  wrap methods in account .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  use   provide
truth:  use   provider

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  descended version of multinomial_logpmf .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   pulls
truth:  prepare   null

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  check if a given url is a valid html header .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  test valid config value for a field name .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  normalize a paragraph of text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   supports
truth:  normalize   text

test:  skip test if the matplotlib test is unavailable .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  skips   carry
truth:  skips   test

test:  flip fiducials check for aws points .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  adjust   limiting
truth:  adjust   order

test:  list all libraries available to the logged in user dict .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   sanitize
truth:  list   libraries

test:  returns true if trace is a second kind of the second constants .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  return server version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  loads   autoencoder
truth:  loads   xml

test:  sets the transaction manager to be committed and resets it to the current transaction .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   trailing
truth:  sets   flag

test:  get group type access for all group type .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   emit
truth:  get   access

test:  equalize cumulative image from the input image .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   unplug
truth:  return   equalization

test:  transforms key from storage .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  encodes value from plain to base64 .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  compresses   bench
truth:  compresses   value

test:  return a handle to extract the specified date in the voltage date .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  extract   recreate
truth:  extract   portion

test:  create the pid for the project .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  return path of the vagrant config configuration .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  parses   freezing
truth:  parses   configuration

test:  check if a volume is about a given package in the path .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  breadcrumb breadcrumb for connection in a issue .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initializes   flow
truth:  initializes   fields

test:  creates bit array out bits .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   execute
truth:  convert   region

test:  get the last top of a month for a given field .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  aggregate   associated
truth:  aggregate   listing

test:  confine this module to windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  returns a nested tuple with the given tuple connected nodes .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  construct the main arguments and generate a string .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   allowing
truth:  is   adapter

test:  assert that some item in the path are equal .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  when trying to create a watcher .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  test   batched
truth:  test   guess

test:  check if a path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   aligns
truth:  get   volume

test:  copy a disk file .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  context manager that asserts that temporarily delete the duration of the context for the with sys .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get all migrations of all migrations .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  render the supplied variables .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  convert   move
truth:  convert   latex

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  returns the unix url for the given url .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  get all build .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  test plotting of epochs psd .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  test   permutates
truth:  test   epochs

test:  return a filter that checks whether a cg has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  write the macros section of a cdt settings export file .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   alignment
truth:  write   section

test:  parses a timestamp and returns the form .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional conv model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  roll back reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   optimizes
truth:  roll   reservations

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  get a list of running tasks for a given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  creates a list of rows from a collection of rows .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  returns   throw
truth:  returns   x

test:  helper function to provide evaluated and correct_answer and run function on failure .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  these return a dict with some choice from this page .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  takes a thread and a config of the database .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  configure   scaled
truth:  configure   queue

test:  a simple tasks that has been updated in the slaves .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  a function to create a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the close to floats .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  create an s3 file for a file descriptor .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  test that networkx graph involving raise systemexit if the string cannot be ignored .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  ensure   needed
truth:  ensure   fit

test:  return a dictionary with the tree + just a subset of subscribe .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  pickle type database to the database .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given an importtask .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dict mapping prefix strings to their callback names .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  helper to reach the users log script and calls the method .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  using   reported
truth:  using   function

test:  truncate by day .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   gives
truth:  truncate   days

test:  get centroid of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  convert a dict that iterates keys in a dictionary .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats mapdict to pass it to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   pulls
truth:  formats   null

test:  glue input x variables .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  a view to send an email to the user .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  check that passing passing an exception raised by passing the correct exception name to a null object .
truth: if a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates a value in a positive float or 0 .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  checks that microversion header contains missing microversion header .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  log   eventlet
truth:  log   warning

test:  when a cohort has been created .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  a intersection of unfinished using a line from a source distribution .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  calculates   downgrades
truth:  calculates   point

test:  looks up resource_data by resource_id and key .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  lookup   restoring
truth:  lookup   data

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  numpy implementation should not parse just a numpy representation of the different directives id .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  the classifier handler for excview and return the python registry .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  pulls   raise
truth:  pulls   term

test:  create a testsuite .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  make   mutes
truth:  make   app

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  provides a passed in that doesnt normally be used to generate an entity literal string .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  validates   preloading
truth:  validates   host

test:  test the state of a show .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  create a blob that just runs a blob .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  launch a tunner with paramiko in a subprocess .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  checks to see whether locale data is available for the specified locale .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  upload a folder to a container .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  uploads   suggest
truth:  uploads   folder

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  performs the incoming bigfile .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  encrypts   labeled
truth:  encrypts   file

test:  print the natural trace file and prints a dom .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   emitting
truth:  print   character

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the number of cpus in the system (same .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns if a function is free or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  converts list of cron .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   attribute
truth:  converts   statements

test:  add intersections with the x intersections from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  return the tails from both tails and axis from both tails .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  slices   pulls
truth:  slices   null

test:  a decorator that synchronizes the return value of a function .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  a decorator for methods that are always memoize .
truth: create a property . 
test:  create   were
truth:  create   property

test:  do the user to add to the request .
truth: takes request . 
test:  takes   knapsack
truth:  takes   request

test:  a page to create a custom 404 error .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  renders the application objects by the given template .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  load a session object from the file and return parsed session .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   command
truth:  load   session

test:  fetches a paginator .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  attempts   lambert
truth:  attempts   src

test:  return a list of blacklisted .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  try   bandstop
truth:  try   release

test:  returns true if filename is a directory containing an iterable with base info .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  tests   labeled
truth:  tests   file

test:  get a list of absent records from the respective zone .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  ensures   clip
truth:  ensures   record

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   labels
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses iso 8601 and timestamp string into a datetime object .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   thrown
truth:  parses   standard

test:  provides a cloud about salt .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  verify a signature created with the pubkey .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  use   linked
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  compute rowwise array x for given parameters x : series .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the test fails with a logging error message .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return the best item of the given docstring .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  is   crowding
truth:  is   docstring

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   listed
truth:  pulls   constant

test:  helper function for checking if a string can be converted to an int or integer .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert a binary matrix to the required rotation matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  perform twitter dance dance and prints the twitter oauth token .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  given a field name and a time .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  get   force
truth:  get   kwargs

test:  retrieves the named user from the proxied web .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  see if the immediate vhds are a vdi and import it .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  move   pulls
truth:  move   null

test:  use the given string to demo all the morning of a slugify line .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  pulls   entering
truth:  pulls   demonstration

test:  renders the contents of a given file into its parameters .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  lists all installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  lists   interpolated
truth:  lists   plugins

test:  only load if the zenoss execution module is installed .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   carry
truth:  return   test

test:  remove and deleted all datasets with nested tags to the provided repository .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  given a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  make sure that a path is a valid directory .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  removes html or xml character references and returns a list of the first part of the target .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run a vcenter wrapper for flaky .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  get none without needing the repository .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  create simple jndi binding in running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  trims paths with windows path prefix .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  scatter mcmc .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  method to fix errors in the error editor .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  deprecated   seconds
truth:  deprecated   editor

test:  converts a url into a origin that can be made to a port .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  returns the coefficients of a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   fill
truth:  normalize   pathname

test:  convenience function to convert a certificate details to a search_service_pb .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  get the matrix from the prefix a matrix of key .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  attach a fan if the queryset has fan representation .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   pulls
truth:  attach   null

test:  wraps wraps class dynamically load all the internal table: the galaxy class .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  maps an condition condition to a string .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  convert the binary mnist file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   flip
truth:  build   python

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  pulls   tail
truth:  pulls   getattr

test:  this method takes the string as a new one .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  serializing   mounts
truth:  serializing   objects

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  render all custom diagnostics diagnostics .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : deposit_type : rate:% .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  return   masked
truth:  return   month

test:  create the temporary stonith variable for the stonith resource cibfile use stonith resource extra_args additional options for the pcs stonith command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   negate
truth:  create   resource

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  plot a subplot results of a source space .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  show   switch
truth:  show   list

test:  method to get permalink ids from content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  get   msg
truth:  get   component

test:  create a task object .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  load a word2vec model and the resulting output .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  test that a trailing spaces with trailing row in the row .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  trailing   highlight
truth:  trailing   row

test:  return a list of all available lamps .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a list of all enabled services cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  check to see if the named event was not in the given event .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   sampling
truth:  get   clock

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   enhanced
truth:  close   object

test:  check if we are in the vcenter .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  get   created
truth:  get   mode

test:  if user is access .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  asserts that most mail count are implemented .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  print out the data passed into the function *args and kwargs .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  check if the current machine is loaded .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  saves one or more roles of a given module .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  modify   safe_octal
truth:  modify   class

test:  filter otu table by otu axis .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filter   bounds
truth:  filter   table

test:  gprs request section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  load data from *url* into a pandas dataframe for env .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  validate that a project is a valid project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  ensure   forgot
truth:  ensure   project

test:  change api version string to a string .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  checks   extract
truth:  checks   version

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  return the version of a package version .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  make sure that reports errors correctly .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  creates a room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  handles   escaped
truth:  handles   post

test:  univariate series expansion of the series inversion o .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  multivariate   renders
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  attempt to define a domain based on a xml-file path passed to the function cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  return the path to our storage repository this is used when were longer referenced the different vhds .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  request power state change to the container .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   stores
truth:  request   name

test:  check the hash of a hash .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   stores
truth:  create   name

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and a dictionary with labels .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  the text representation of the next tag before modifying it .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  context manager to get a list of execer .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return the current application id .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  returns   mixed
truth:  returns   engine

test:  extracts the cached token from source .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  token   pulls
truth:  token   null

test:  context manager to temporarily store the value of an object temporarily .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  check if the libcloud module is available .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  see :meth:command_list_begin() .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  test to ensure that dictionary correctly handles the inline provided dictionary as dictionary .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  tests   exposes
truth:  tests   values

test:  check whether the cell is a valid python list of scopes .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  see the guest date .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  ensure   flattening
truth:  ensure   field

test:  return the folder name .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  decodes string to binary .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  check if lists of mailchimp and returns true if any of the list complete lists .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  get the ceph cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  returns a module object containing all classes .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  import   switch
truth:  import   list

test:  returns a record with a particular user subscribes to the given user .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  updates   support
truth:  updates   time

test:  scrub the pwd_hash and salt from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   advance
truth:  scrub   title

test:  get a list of active languages from the system .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  quote a tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  take the cached value of under a given key and put it into the value of the given destination .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  detect terminal size and return tuple = .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  convert components to decimal .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  multiplies   uncheck
truth:  multiplies   element

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   homebrew_packages
truth:  walks   structure

test:  check to see if a module is installed or not .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  find the temporary implementation for etree .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  import   map
truth:  import   implementation

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  helper function for checking clip .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete flavor info from instances system_metadata by prefix .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   tile
truth:  delete   information

test:  initialize the logger for the logger .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  remove   backported
truth:  remove   handlers

test:  expands expands a list of strings .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  read text table with data values chopped by col extent .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  read   bounds
truth:  read   table

test:  dynamically find a module in a quit .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load a template from a source file and returns a dataset .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  loads   inspect
truth:  loads   eggs

test:  checks an integer is a valid integer within range .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  handles the probability remove_photos on a gaussian host .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  given a course_id and comment_id in a course .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  updating   alignment
truth:  updating   section

test:  collect all two key-value attributes from a given attributes .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   instantiate
truth:  collect   arguments

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   bring
truth:  create   page

test:  returns the data portion of a token .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  pulls   decides
truth:  pulls   sha1

test:  adds a symbol to show by uptime to strip_none by address .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  register a new logging into a spot logger .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  get new user .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  disable traffic server and recreates the traffic server .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shut   clones
truth:  shut   server

test:  escape & .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   supports
truth:  escape   text

test:  set the route that is a format to a format that set .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  set   been
truth:  set   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   alignment
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a new unique channels for the given source .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  do   consisting
truth:  do   link

test:  a helper to temporarily create a fake transformer that mocks the given value .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  check out node for notification initiations .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  return   l{twisted
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns the notification notification for the given user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  given   l{twisted
truth:  given   subscription

test:  creates temp directory and all its temp files .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  recursive helper function for file/folder quotes .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  copy cache from files to the directory .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  create a configuration from a configuration file .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get hosts for the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load this module if the splunk python module is installed .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  work   rect
truth:  work   work

test:  update the hierarchy for a country level from a country .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  initialize the module .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  calling   reported
truth:  calling   function

test:  returns the proper group owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   chop
truth:  returns   owner

test:  convert the number of seconds into a float .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  formats   account
truth:  formats   human

test:  unregister email hook if the e-mail is published .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   maintain
truth:  unregister   mail

test:  create an instance of a field .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  get list of available instance .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  create an postponed plugin by name .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   protected
truth:  create   urlconf

test:  function to mark a testtools .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  create present keyring locally cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  html document where the first colon types are are expressed .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  handles   increase
truth:  handles   nodes

test:  simple task that returns compute compute on a post .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  calling   reassemble
truth:  calling   compute

test:  toggle the toggle .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  decorator for adding the grade task grade task to a subsection task .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  updates   targets
truth:  updates   grade

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  format help entry into a string with a concatenation of help .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  pulls   xfail
truth:  pulls   help

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   understemmed
truth:  filters   results

test:  update miscs attributes from the network device .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  restart service prescribed name .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  return a connection to the server .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   processing
truth:  pulls   urllib2

test:  get versions of the git version .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  get   tsv
truth:  get   components

test:  extract entries from the provided copy of the string .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  numlist : numlist | newline | numlist | newline | numlist mult | numlist .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   algorithm
truth:  translate   points

test:  removes accents from a form .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  transform   deployed
truth:  transform   symbols

test:  add f from f in k[x] .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  roundrobin --> a d e b f c .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   search
truth:  roundrobin   d

test:  clean the filename from a text file .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   wanted
truth:  clean   filename

test:  format the status of a given github status .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  format   point
truth:  format   status

test:  write a vo service to the given cache .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return a tensorflow tensor with a gaussian name .
truth: add i . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a port range range(port_max & ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   simplifying
truth:  encode   range

test:  helper for capturing helper that ignores one argument .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  allow   match
truth:  allow   syntax

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   repartition
truth:  comma   leaf

test:  the handler will call the page processor .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return the python language .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  generate a dictionary representation of a --unit node .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  url   format
truth:  url   parameter

test:  convert an ipv6 address in printable representation to a packed ipv6 address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  passing a delimiter other than space or comma gives an exception .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  test setcookiesfromurl .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  turn a*[x or a probability number into an ipv4 address .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  decompress a string .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  run tests with each 'coverage' .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  executes   compiles
truth:  executes   suite

test:  server-wwns 3 data in a consistent chart .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  convert real matrix to real matrix .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  tests that a multinomial is the right samples of the samples shape .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   cleaning
truth:  tests   matrix

test:  ensure that the named existing virtual pkg is absent name the name of the virtual host to remove {name .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  check whether a phone number is a carrier number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  turns a path into a unix path .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  truncate a hostname to a table .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  destroys a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   clip
truth:  destroys   record

test:  pick an determine if data points is a queryset of data .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   go
truth:  pick   channels

test:  always returns none .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds a new controller to the current existing controller if it adds the controller to add virtual disk .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  loads the internal monitordir python host and returns the location to the monitordir directory .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  apply a get_home_dir() setup to a retry one .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  pulls   bootstrapping
truth:  pulls   retry

test:  get information for the installed content of a genericimagedatasetjob vector .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  pulls   query
truth:  pulls   position

test:  helper method for getting the current portaudio version .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  check if dependencies of invalid .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  decorator for -detail functions .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  pulls   reduce
truth:  pulls   shorthand

test:  context manager that asserts the provider-user preferred plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  for a given domain .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  generates a generator of order n from a list of possible expressions .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  send a result to the given message .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  standardizes   widgets
truth:  standardizes   responses

test:  return the virtual memory statistics as a namedtuple .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  module importer the given module .
truth: execute app . 
test:  execute   mutes
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull salt file references out of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   weblate
truth:  pull   references

test:  checks the field name to see if it is not a valid shell .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  remove contacts from a viewpoint so that it removes an existing viewpoint .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  fetch the lyricswiki from lyricswiki .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  fetch   pulls
truth:  fetch   null

test:  use netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  convert a given request to a list of review addresses .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  fail unless the expected_paths file at rpm_path contains all the expected_paths .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  generates a new task that should have been replaced by the final module .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  -   files
truth:  -   check

test:  number of items in a list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  testing the dataset .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   launches
truth:  evaluates   sine

test:  zdt3 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  display the currently time time time time :return: a string representing the current time value representing the current time :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  load a single repo index .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  parse   commit
truth:  parse   repository

test:  updates the specified users personal .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  terminate   generate
truth:  terminate   users

test:  deletes a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  calls rar/unrar .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  computes   humanized
truth:  computes   energy

test:  return a new repository path .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  prompt   crop
truth:  prompt   directory

test:  get the annotation url to an http request method .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  returns a list of sparse samples for each input .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  output   quotes
truth:  output   map

test:  check if the xblock can be used as deleted .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  pops the following os .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  setup   package
truth:  setup   launchd

test:  return a finder function based on a module .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  builds the model input .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  constructs   hash
truth:  constructs   flow

test:  return the text handler for a service .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  show the version of the following accountpolicy .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  load a plugin from .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  attach a block storage volume name server to new volume .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  updates an existing usercontributionsmodel with new calculated contributions .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  commits   allocate
truth:  commits   user

test:  callback function to add default values to default .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  create a snapshot in a specified snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  perform   centralized
truth:  perform   backup

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  callback for sending of nodes by choosing maximum weight .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  callback   increase
truth:  callback   nodes

test:  sort an iterable of indices in ascending removing latest value of the partition specified in the smallest .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  get   enhance
truth:  get   items

test:  clear the namespace from the local usage: .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   guessing
truth:  clear   namespace

test:  returns a string representing the name of the attributes name .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  add   sparks
truth:  add   number

test:  given a compiler object .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  get   img
truth:  get   compiler

test:  a toy prompt prompt for chaining basic operation .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  prompt   generate
truth:  prompt   users

test:  returns the canonical string for a given atype .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  retrieve   teardown
truth:  retrieve   type

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  get current video tracks .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   skills
truth:  get   track

test:  get an instance of an instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  shortcut   stores
truth:  shortcut   name

test:  recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series the stable are returned in the order of their position in the stable binary .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  cancel a given expression constant in f .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  lowest lowest sub-list swapping method .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  turn a branching rule into one .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   reveal
truth:  compose   sequence

test:  creates traget css column .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  count a template string made by a given user .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  turns   preloading
truth:  turns   host

test:  receives a urlpattern record for a given audio .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  opens   takes
truth:  opens   stream

test:  returns the language-code if there is supported in the language-code of the language .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  check to make sure configuration file already exist on the default prefix .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   freezing
truth:  save   configuration

test:  calculates the objective for a objective function .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  pulls   publish
truth:  pulls   graph

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided tests .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  generate   binhexed
truth:  generate   tests

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  log the meeting .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  fixture providing a fake cookie per second into the make make a mocked .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  patch   knapsack
truth:  patch   request

test:  returns an archive .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  create   chops
truth:  create   un

test:  guest the number of fw rules .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  set   put
truth:  set   rules

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  computes the bayesian likelihood information criterion and the bayesian likelihood .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   tile
truth:  computes   information

test:  sort an image by name .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  compile all of the command line .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  does   writing
truth:  does   ironpython

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  converts some sentiment into entity .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  convert   connect
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns the object pointed to by name/alias .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  load a resource from a file .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  a decorator that enables exception_class exceptions .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get a backup by name .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   scaled
truth:  collecting   queue

test:  log base class .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  initialize   decorating
truth:  initialize   log

test:  add partition to width and run it .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  generates   representing
truth:  generates   specification

test:  returns a list of arrays of the form of a and b .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  constructs   stacking
truth:  constructs   grid

test:  compute the integer from a matrix in integer 26 .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  read the header from a page object .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  a context manager which sends a user out of the post off and redirects to the data .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  get   command
truth:  get   session

test:  get metadef object or raise if namespace or object doesnt exist .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  computes a png sample of the squares computes a sorted line populated partial p with a partial computes an exponential of the color hour samples .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  returns the current cache version .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  isprime:bool return true if positive is prime .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  this function is called in a figure to display the base python follows .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  a randomized registry to find the base path .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  parse a graph .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  returns   exponential

test:  convert a string to a list .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  returns   been
truth:  returns   format

test:  dump message into a date .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create and run a service with the given name .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  take a value from a string .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   initalize
truth:  convert   k

test:  get or set the radial ticklines on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given two country instances .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   borrowed
truth:  given   instances

test:  transfer a file or a directory .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  check if a node is supported or if its supported .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  changes   reported
truth:  changes   function

test:  drops all %} .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  force   step
truth:  force   names

test:  prints the last message to the tty .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  sets the global entry in the point registry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  check whether pandas is available .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check_call -> 0 run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  create an array with the same sparsity as values .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  check   downloading
truth:  check   package

test:  add arguments to a build .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  base   instantiate
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check the min per region of instances which are never .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  lookup   borrowed
truth:  lookup   instances

test:  return the simple simple simple simple simple simple simple simple url to simple url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples:
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  command   advised
truth:  command   commands

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  goes an callers string from the catalog catalog .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  verify   sparks
truth:  verify   number

test:  returns a file with items or none if requested .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  cleanup the coordinate connections .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  delete   extends
truth:  delete   signals

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  only load if the traffic module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   git
truth:  load   ini

test:  show a page at a given page .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  displayed   capitalizes
truth:  displayed   revision

test:  return a new ripemd160 object .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  return   linked
truth:  return   crypto

test:  group x .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  sum   rising
truth:  sum   group

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to billed_ops_list in billed_ops_list .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  check if the directory is a valid directory .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  tanh activation function :math:varphi(x) = tanh(x) parameters x : float32 the activation .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  pulls   stay
truth:  pulls   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  determine the peaks for a given city .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  find   measure

test:  return the xunit xunit object .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  returns an umc module object for editing an umc module .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  update an instance or raise if it does not exist or created .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  update   urlencode
truth:  update   item

test:  download a format string to a collection .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   labels
truth:  download   transform

test:  this decorator instantiates the test method with the given time .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  routing area update section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  read a file and return the parsed location .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  convert a dns file to a list of fully-qualified characters .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  try to read the docker-compose file and return the contents of the docker docker secedit items cli example: .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   raising
truth:  read   docker

test:  test xunit output with different filename .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  combine two mappings so that when one or more mappings is defined .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  wrap a methods in the database .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  disconnect signal from a given signal handlers .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   selecting
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   inputhook
truth:  testing   sys

test:  make an axis from the given axis .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a deprecation function or callables if it is already modified .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  list hypervisors by registration .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   missed
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  an --> version string .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  revision are revision .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  get   capitalizes
truth:  get   revision

test:  group groups from a list of dictionaries .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  command : next id .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return absolute path .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get the remaining edge hashtable .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   pack
truth:  get   edge

test:  list of arguments .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a volume type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  ban user .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the table representing username for a given username .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  check the error if expected is make sure the given json .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  write all applicable modules that should only applicable .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   skipped
truth:  test   use

test:  parse a base and return a dict of keywords .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   sigma
truth:  add   vertexes

test:  returns a list of flagged for a users username .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  focused   takes
truth:  focused   stream

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  add a network configuration .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  look up an if it does not normally normally one .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  build a reversed endpoint for an endpoint .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  function   control
truth:  function   generation

test:  convert x to a date .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   reading
truth:  create   agent

test:  dump message into stdout .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  returns the largest largest strategy of g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate the navigation site items for the given config .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  create the datastore metadata .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  allow   emit
truth:  allow   access

test:  callback invoked when a certain variable is selected .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  invoked   format_alignment
truth:  invoked   authentication

test:  return true if the variable is uppercased .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  convert time string in time string into seconds .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  a decorator that is designed to be a view with argument .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   reuse
truth:  pulls   endpoints

test:  normalize a path from the tree at the given path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  see sample_iter has been modified for translation .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  creates a new project .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  embed an album into the items in the items into the docker log file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  convert x .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  get a list of nat rules defined by the module .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  get   put
truth:  get   rules

test:  determine if the linux package is in the linux .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  elementwise sigmoid logistic function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate a dict of fields for a given model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   flow
truth:  generate   fields

test:  return a list of the active active summary of the given cluster .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  did   returns
truth:  did   something

test:  convert a name to a string .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  read   crop
truth:  read   directory

test:  simulates creation of a directory called clone_dir inside of tmpdir .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  extract http basic auth from a http basic auth .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  assert that bad suggestions is equal to bad bad grammar .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns true if idle is running .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if the variable is a string .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  calls the given module with the given name .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  set   fixes
truth:  set   manager

test:  calculates the cyclic pattern for certain certain characters as described in sequence .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  view for toggling grid embed .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  gets all placeholders from language .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  obtain   throttle
truth:  obtain   unit

test:  returns a normal xml metadata .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  determine if a real device is false .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  convert a potential set of numbers to a potential .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  transfer   unlocking
truth:  transfer   source

test:  adds a kernel to the bootloader with the bootloader tag .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   iterator
truth:  add   kernel

test:  send packets to determine which hosts are up promiscping and requests to modify 1 to modify internal arp-cache .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   creates
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  get the again for a given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  skip the test case from a movie object .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure the marathon app with the given configuration is present .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   mutes
truth:  ensure   app

test:  return a list of plugins .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  returns a copy of the string s .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  decode one or more image images into the original images .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  setup the config object .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  initialise the fact to a buffer .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  decompress compressed text .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  stream   enroll
truth:  stream   iterator

test:  create an anchored with a audio for audio .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  record   wanted
truth:  record   filename

test:  test wsgi application .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  test   roundrobin
truth:  test   application

test:  get all instance faults for all instance ids that match all instance ids .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  usage: that unary_expression .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  pulls   generalized
truth:  pulls   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  inject a processing device into a container .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  restores tags from a renewal config file .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  restore   freezing
truth:  restore   configuration

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  replace unicode strings with its variable .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  return the string containing the result of a shell .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a wrapper manager to return a file lock .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  object   place
truth:  object   generator

test:  decode ctc beam .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  decodes   flattens
truth:  decodes   output

test:  list keyring keyring to cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  list   review
truth:  list   keys

test:  change the users full name cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   unlink
truth:  change   phone

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  back the first argument of a bare .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  return a list of all vms on the container .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  show the current system result cli example: .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  returns the size of linode .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  like getattr .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  copy included to a canonical apps .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  show the fqdn configuration cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  returns all folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  creates a response headers .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   logging
truth:  create   flask

test:  cast a dtype to a numpy array or a new dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   tabulate
truth:  create   makefile

test:  delete a container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   satisfy
truth:  delete   container

test:  convert a url portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  wait until a condition is true .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   dictionary
truth:  wait   condition

test:  run a cloud job .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compile a warning string or raise an exception if its not already in a wrapper .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  assert   batch
truth:  assert   code

test:  class decorator for classes that are called from the class .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password hash using the given password .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  if arp is not within the interface .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  resolve the provided document .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   pass
truth:  resolve   document

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  check   alignment
truth:  check   section

test:  lists all packages located in the locate database cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  write the string to a file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  apply a function to a custom model .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  get the face from the xmltext .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  that a sparse token that has a tlist .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a model class that can be used as a given test models .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  yaml: shining enable shining test results requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  expr : expression .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   pulls
truth:  expr   null

test:  returns the value corresponding to a method on a precision .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  remove a new expression from an expression .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  assemble cartesian arrays in nested format .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  generate   registers
truth:  generate   product

test:  returns the given html with all smartsplit indices removed from a dictionary of word .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  convert the string id to a valid administrator string .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  retrieves a live rollback .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  source_path a new or update or raise if it has been deleted or not already been set or not already been set .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  call   located
truth:  call   method

test:  compute the dummy variable with evoked .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   zoom
truth:  compute   vectors

test:  generate screensize .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  draw   forwards
truth:  draw   image

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   authorizes
truth:  require   command

test:  return a pep graph of the graph g .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  return   craft
truth:  return   expr

test:  this page is called from a web page when he is called .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  creates an openid response to be written in the request .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  loads and returns an sqlite3 connection .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   enters
truth:  return   bucket

test:  find the longest longest tree with the same shape .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns first contact set by default for the current user .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  fills   r^2
truth:  fills   form

test:  returns a list of notifications notifications .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  those that 50th lines ignores those frames with those keys .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  converts an image to floats as a new image .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  promote   pulls
truth:  promote   null

test:  left is a sql clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  activate   resulting
truth:  activate   workers

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker plugin from systemd .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   identifies
truth:  enable   plugin

test:  return whether a url is an ssh url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  check   drop
truth:  check   ssh

test:  test font listing .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   rotate
truth:  test   loading

test:  given a template string like a python struct .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  compile   storing
truth:  compile   template

test:  transform all valid uri into a uri .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  make sure numpy array is unicode .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return y minus best fit line; linear detrending .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wrapper around marker; .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  readers that basic delimiter will try to convert columns to a basic architecture parameter .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   lets
truth:  denied   handler

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  return art url string for an album .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  tests if a project permissions are not equal to a project with existing permissions .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  distance between 2 sets of [lat .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  finds   rfc
truth:  finds   distance

test:  returns a list of new-style models for the given model class .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   wrapped
truth:  returns   permission

test:  transform the given register to the given property type .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  return   rearranges
truth:  return   import

test:  use this decorator to reviewed and operations of a function creation .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  provides   accentuated
truth:  provides   getter

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  colorize   displaying
truth:  colorize   ref

test:  determines if a review request has a review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  simple function to connect to a url .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  get the number of workers that have been set .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  return the terminal terminal well .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate a custom string and custom options for the corresponding options .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  opencl get_work_dim() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  creates two exits to and from the two rooms exits .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the num-th fibonacci number .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  remove a file from the filename .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get a string of the current uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  returns   squeezing
truth:  returns   uuid

test:  generate a soap fault based on the current message .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  get firewall nics .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  create   need
truth:  create   interfaces

test:  update an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  get the list of networks .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  get magnitude from nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  evaluate the b-spline b-spline of a b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  find   estimate
truth:  find   roots

test:  create image metadata from the pil .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  enrich   post_save
truth:  enrich   metadata

test:  remove the string containing the compliant path of a list of elements in the string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   step
truth:  remove   names

test:  create an album field from its plugins .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get media instance with this media list instance .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  return a list of slot names for all modules found in the given locale .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   prefilled
truth:  return   hosts

test:  get the list of pids of all running pids .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all instances that match a binary service .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  check if gaussian transforms works with multiserie .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   gated
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalize dataframe by name .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  replace   step
truth:  replace   names

test:  given a list/queryset of units .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the http response page is a direct request .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  return the value of the given server configuration .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  shell factor algorithm for generalized first kind of a ansi matrix parameters m : int number of nonparametric = a linear unit array the difference between colors a and b
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  test source sign from sympy/printing/tests/test_repr .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  return the most entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   allocated
truth:  return   mongodb

test:  gets the current about the about page .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  if a line contains a valid lines and the rest of the given line .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  handles   small_stmts
truth:  handles   line

test:  returns the number of objects currently being a gc or none if fasta_fp: .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  single transaction denied page .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  denied   bring
truth:  denied   page

test:  describing an array of bytes or a device .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  call   rectified
truth:  call   cuda

test:  helper function for scrolled domains from :func:echo .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   converted
truth:  return   block

test:  load a template .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  forward all sequences of whitespace in a string .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  get the minimum minimum labels of the values of an n-d array .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  calculate   echo
truth:  calculate   minimum

test:  reduces images on off or off .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  decorator to add to caching and caching keyword arguments in a function .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get the bracket line .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  delete specific info .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   enhance
truth:  delete   items

test:  returns a tuple of bytes from a stream .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  expects   takes
truth:  expects   stream

test:  run an action on a pathwildcard instance .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  return   callback

test:  a regions for deleting broken broken .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  broken   reported
truth:  broken   function

test:  return a list of items matching the given service instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns a list of entities to technique with the custom fields .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  get   tokens
truth:  get   union

test:  check whether permissions is enough for this document .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  returns compatibility with te characters appended .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   labeled
truth:  format   file

test:  reloads syslog-ng .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  issue   starting
truth:  issue   shutdown

test:  returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  load one of the same class passed as the same way as the data in the same mode .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  decorates   safe_octal
truth:  decorates   class

test:  helper function to open the repository stream .
truth: open stream . 
test:  open   takes
truth:  open   stream

test:  return a random resource .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  filter all filters that start with errors .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   pulls
truth:  filter   null

test:  test the behavior of --local line numbers in the list command .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   translates
truth:  test   flags

test:  normalize the points within a given row .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  normalize   algorithm
truth:  normalize   points

test:  assigns a sends into several toc by imdb .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  test that relative wsgi urljoin give rather than metadata .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  tests   wants
truth:  tests   parts

test:  removes everything between 0 and trailing spaces .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trim   shared
truth:  trim   string

test:  return the current flag of the given command .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  attach a node to the postgres server .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  load the last access time of a file .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   interpolates
truth:  read   lang

test:  set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   reported
truth:  set   function

test:  compare an item attribute .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  allows   archive
truth:  allows   member

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  create a new object .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  checks whether the response is a valid mime type string .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the fully qualified time of the linux distribution .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  exception raised raised immediately .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  check   restoring
truth:  check   data

test:  delete a config key .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  returns the set of all nodes in the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  find the pairwise largest elements in a dataset .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  detach elb .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   registered
truth:  detach   elb

test:  wraps the data from the quotes of the given data .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  handles   find_goroutine
truth:  handles   compression

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  recursively lowercase the provided dictionary .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  transform color rgb to hex .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  decorator that releases the user has access to the current session .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  prevent   usage_key_string
truth:  prevent   view

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  compute md5 hash of the v1 module .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  performs sparse score with sparse mean record_size and state .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  convert binary search value into int .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  create   preserve
truth:  create   int

test:  run js command and return its output .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  setup the yeelight binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors and for the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   subset
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test that the base setting of pip show command .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  test   show

test:  returns weight input from affine .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  pulls   multiplicative_expression
truth:  pulls   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  find a set of columns from a list of columns .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  inputs   bounds
truth:  inputs   table

test:  asserts that choice names given in *choices* are the only ones values .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  asserts   pulls
truth:  asserts   null

test:  create tp and tp10x instances with identical parameters .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   borrowed
truth:  create   instances

test:  generator that returns a numbered of the given prefix .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  subtract labeled polynomial g in a polynomial f .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compare   round
truth:  compare   polynomials

test:  return the cumulative product of n and weights .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list availability zones for all vms cli example: .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  generate qr file from a video with signify .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of dns services that contain the specified subnet .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  get   wait
truth:  get   servers

test:  set default credentials :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  returns encodings from given content string or none .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  configures remote put url to configure remote server .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  sign a previously created with a username .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  list all repositories in the currently loaded .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  read source spaces from a fif file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   unlocking
truth:  read   source

test:  strip content from a block of text .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  given   supports
truth:  given   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   review
truth:  replace   keys

test:  return the most recent users exercises that the user belongs to .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  send an email when a video exploration is posted to a sending of the given recipients .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return a list of names of methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  encodes a string to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return the string representing the paths of a given build .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  parse string .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   reported
truth:  control   function

test:  returns a list of parameters or none if not found .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  merge the output of a repl_view expression .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parses   flattens
truth:  parses   output

test:  pipe server address and returns a wsgi server .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  define   clones
truth:  define   server

test:  completes completes .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist | newline indent stmts dedent .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  verifies that the action is not allowed in the user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  verify that method calling tuple permission to new-style methods .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  creates   located
truth:  creates   method

test:  given the output of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   flattens
truth:  given   output

test:  render a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  for all possible values of the formats option .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   choice
truth:  print   formats

test:  replace list of items in dict with grains .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  show the details from the provider concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  returns first item in seq that predicate is not none .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return a list of available endpoint cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample model with gaussian 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   mask
truth:  test   accuracy

test:  returns the given html with entities stripped .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  strips   connect
truth:  strips   entities

test:  get fixed ip by host or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  add a help help with django settings .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  execute   lambda
truth:  execute   django

test:  returns the path to the heads file .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  renders markdown text to html .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  escapes   skipped
truth:  escapes   use

test:  a decorator to unpatch a test .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  pulls   reflect
truth:  pulls   testcase

test:  setup the cow container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   satisfy
truth:  setup   container

test:  create an feed from a file .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  call   wanted
truth:  call   filename

test:  decorator for notify which is used as parameter docstrings .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  click a behave with the provided table columns .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  step   emits
truth:  step   definition

test:  return paths from path .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  main function for this module .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  start   authorizes
truth:  start   command

test:  check whether or not a given environment exists .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  scan for import of ports .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scans   edit
truth:  scans   ports

test:  check if all histogram can be loaded .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  test   generating
truth:  test   shell

test:  returns string to simple valid specs .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  run a python script .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   optimized
truth:  run   script

test:  uncouple expression examples .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  convert a time in seconds to a string .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  get the default extension .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  returns a list of cost of the graph .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  compute   runs
truth:  compute   cost

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   differ
truth:  convert   rest

test:  returns all enumerate cliques in the graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  uninstall a bower package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   downloading
truth:  uninstall   package

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method in a given program .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the application that contains a dpid .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  read the access id for a given path .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  given   been
truth:  given   format

test:  unflatten a list of random tuples in either topic or blend .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  iter   chisquare
truth:  iter   tuples

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the object referenced by name .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  format a string to a human readable output .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  change the brightness of multiply images .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   c_value_type
truth:  change   brightness

test:  returns the set of alternating in the graph .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  check if a specific value is a valid enum name .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  redirects to the specified location using http permanent status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  registers the given query for the given handlers .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   backported
truth:  register   handlers

test:  generates a random iv key and iv .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  compute the median correlation coefficient for binary classification .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  compute the matrix x .
truth: computes np . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   lets
truth:  test   handler

test:  find a host free port that is available for the given port .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  return the purchase .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  validates that a given value is a valid s3 value .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns lower case of a given string .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  register many parsing with some base_path in the page .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   clones
truth:  register   server

test:  get attribute statistics for a given layer .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  generate   constrain
truth:  generate   attribute

test:  displays up the current data we store .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  url this should only be tested on the module .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates multiple blocklist from the os with the given name .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  ensure a value is created in the cluster node command usage: should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a node with
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   were
truth:  ensure   property

test:  test ask with a ask for a local context .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  affine norm .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  pulls   rescanning
truth:  pulls   weights

test:  delete an tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  only supported on windows systems with setquota binary available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  for all config hooks .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  gets the resetcycle and last access information from the current context .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  resets   building
truth:  resets   tag

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  extract common subrois rules from a given file of raw data set in a given prefix .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  get permissions for given doc role .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  set the path to the updatevmx .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  check to see if a git is installed .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  check   unparsing
truth:  check   git

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  check parallel predict in parallel .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   carry
truth:  mark   test

test:  mark a task status as a dict .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  add metadata to an virtual environment .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  run a function or async instance .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common fixtures for standard streams tests .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   unsqueeze
truth:  set   fixtures

test:  test whether a variable is greater than the current set .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  raise   quantize
truth:  raise   priority

test:  returns the wavefunction wavefunction r_{nl} for a 3d isotropic harmonic oscillator .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test functionality of opengl .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  reset the prefixer for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  sends a new email .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  get all the user subscriptions for the given user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  return a list of the items from a given json .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  process   restoring
truth:  process   data

test:  run all tests .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  set the stat directory path .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   resizes
truth:  set   icon

test:  we know about an image .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  decorate a method which implements an api endpoint to serialize a method into a message to the request limit .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  sort the elements of an iterable .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  print   executed
truth:  print   dictionary

test:  remove users from all login cli example: .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   relying
truth:  delete   login

test:  generate a generator that methods the given lists of source pairs .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  takes   deployments
truth:  takes   sources

test:  given a tree .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  compute the generalized generalized derivative of x .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  get   round
truth:  get   polynomials

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  test that an vi cursor works .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   incorporate
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return the cumulative distribution of the scott function computing the kernel in x .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  makes a @memoize from a device .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  computes the average precision at the end of the weight .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   capturing
truth:  computes   error

test:  remove flavor access list from flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  remove   append
truth:  remove   tenant

test:  tokenizes a given response .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  make a line in the list of events .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   memoizes
truth:  remove   plot

test:  patch celery configuration .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  patch   labeled
truth:  patch   file

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  resize using python imaging library .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  resize   inquire
truth:  resize   tool

test:  print an error message to stderr .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  log   ssl
truth:  log   errors

test:  return the package ids that can be installed .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  attempt   downloading
truth:  attempt   package

test:  get data from file .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  combine all tree properties .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  accumulate   fetches
truth:  accumulate   parent

test:  user activity activity list page .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   bring
truth:  shows   page

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime to a tuple .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  get the current instance name .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  parse a content-range request header into tuple of .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  print the metric line for the metric value .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  given a list of headers .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  decorate a function to dispatch a table .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  check event search based on its query .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  return   expects
truth:  return   queries

test:  determine whether a datetime of a datetime .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  format   merge
truth:  format   iso

test:  solve an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem for a complex hermitian or real symmetric matrix .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  rgb to hex .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  given   identified
truth:  given   rgb

test:  returns a vector of length floatx vector with zero values .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  return a dict containing the features model .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  learn   initalize
truth:  learn   k

test:  set the clock service .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  sets   sampling
truth:  sets   clock

test:  local otsus threshold value for an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  send an apns message to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  run the main process .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate over all child nodes in a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  take a key or combined of the specified version .
truth: given a key . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  get the evaluated int as an int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return true if than seconds are older than seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check whether model is allowed to compare the queue .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   blocks
truth:  attach   representation

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   fitnesse
truth:  get   events

test:  return the file scheme .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  validate a type value .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  extract hyperbolic fields from tweet .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  extract   exposes
truth:  extract   values

test:  return the central outputs of evaluation .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  returns the dfs used to supply a connected components of a directed graph using dijkstras algorithm .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  returns   concatenates
truth:  returns   ordering

test:  test ids of data .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  make   rename
truth:  make   members

test:  a helper method to check if the current process has been replaced .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  extract the id from a dictionary .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  returns a new collection id .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  returns the precision as a string or cache .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  sort the image by the linear probability for an image .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  compute the transforms matrix x in sparse matrix x .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   scans
truth:  compute   pairs

test:  make verbose configuration .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  run   rendering
truth:  run   routines

test:  retrieve the config object for the given dict .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  configure   executed
truth:  configure   dictionary

test:  compare for a specified term in the system term .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  compute the signal from the input array .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   believe
truth:  compute   spline

test:  generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  verifies that the given tag configuration has been set .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add a new communication to the class .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  pulls   compile
truth:  pulls   documentation

test:  slugify a string path .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  loads   bootstraps
truth:  loads   callable

test:  enable/disable auto config to be running on smoke .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  start all the redis steal for a redis one .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  lock   pass
truth:  lock   document

test:  helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  pulls   reblock
truth:  pulls   netmask

test:  only work on linux systems .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  run   setting
truth:  run   systems

test:  for vfs .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  expands   pulls
truth:  expands   null

test:  create an attribute from a list of the same attribute .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  import a file from a git repository .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  import   whitelisted
truth:  import   repo

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  checks for empty fields after description before checks .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   flow
truth:  checks   fields

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  train a bunch of nolint solver .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  return a list of union of baselist .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  combine   decoding
truth:  combine   lists

test:  creates the python ip address for each application .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  update the packages .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  updates   access
truth:  updates   url

test:  casts value into an option .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  url decode slashes .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  unquote   disarmed
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  moves a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  truncate   labeled
truth:  truncate   file

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   bounds
truth:  recomputes   table

test:  check if all elements in sequence are equal .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  get memory information from /proc/meminfo .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the closest ansi color number of rgb values over the short .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   print
truth:  find   approximation

test:  converts a hex string into a tuple of integers .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  hex   identified
truth:  hex   rgb

test:  get a metadef namespace .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  given a png string .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  given   parens
truth:  given   figure

test:  this page is blank .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_flags information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  call cmd with given command if it already exist .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  returns a theano shape with same shape as the new array .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  decorator to update counters .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  i have to check if a certain model contains a producer/consumer model in the database .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper to make directory for interactive scripts .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  create   belonging
truth:  create   migrations

test:  return the log of n x n .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  labels   centers
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update the database to get instances .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  run   unpin
truth:  run   routine

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   ip
truth:  generates   paths

test:  sends a method to a topic .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  wraps   prioritized
truth:  wraps   messages

test:  run the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  extract the version names from a formatyyyy-mm-dd .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  format   building
truth:  format   tag

test:  merge the command so it is dimension@hierarchy correctly .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   flattening
truth:  construct   field

test:  get a beaker url by a google error code .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  get convex loops from loops and add loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  we know about our configuration files .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  render   identifies
truth:  render   plugin

test:  provide a list of cap addresses for the given resource - used to avoid circular requests - used by the map layer of the given addresses .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  run data from a 4-d or the channel series .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  provide   small_stmts
truth:  provide   line

test:  clean up after possible incomplete test runs .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  do   mixing
truth:  do   cleanup

test:  import an object and return a string .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  tries   enhanced
truth:  tries   object

test:  chisquare test of proportions for pairs of pairs of pairs of pairs .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  chisquare   carry
truth:  chisquare   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   pauses
truth:  ascii   printing

test:  read from a git repository .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  solves an order order linear homogeneous homogeneous homogeneous homogeneous homogeneous homogeneous filter using the method of func .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  function to decorate methods that should be called only once .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  function   binhexed
truth:  function   tests

test:  draw a given vector .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  return   approve
truth:  return   *

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   answer
truth:  check   diffs

test:  format the first value in a string that is not sqlmap .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  tries to click an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  transform the indices code into a formatted code .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  transforms   pulls
truth:  transforms   null

test:  check if user is currently configured to append .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the maximum of an array .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  get the number of active experiment from the experiment .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  using   tokenize
truth:  using   significance

test:  removes a nexusport binding .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   stack
truth:  removes   nexusport

test:  read comments in source files and add author .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  given   inline
truth:  given   worksheet

test:  turns more than one link into a message .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  insert   rescale
truth:  insert   inline

test:  build and parse fasttree configuration .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  converts   zdt3
truth:  converts   converts

test:  wrapper around the rep .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  returns true if n is prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the libcloud object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   fake
truth:  convert   load

test:  draw a local rotation matrix in the from rotation .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  create the ang matrix for a segments of x and y .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  create   explore
truth:  create   segments

test:  return a llvm constant representing ir as the value of a python type .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  we can override this feature to initial api .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  declares   allocate
truth:  declares   user

test:  compute flowgrams from a clustering clustering in the sff file handle to the mapping of flowgrams .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  clusters   convert
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  create the memcached from the trash process in which a single request is complete .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  indent text .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   shared
truth:  indent   string

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a list of names .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  check   step
truth:  check   names

test:  get the path to the user home directory .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  return the nibbles char from a string .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the correct openshift key for a passed secret .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  the population algorithm is only used to generate generate the exploration logbook .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  is   suppose
truth:  is   algorithm

test:  use this function in a fully thread .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  change   instruct
truth:  change   matcher

test:  this method prints a result dictionary of the given file .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  run a bunch of expiry time .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  determines   having
truth:  determines   expiration

test:  removes a bool from the input time .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  make   been
truth:  make   format

test:  strategy that rewrites an integrand .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds the properties of a managed property from the sample .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  test that db .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  filter out a source .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  extracts   whiteboard
truth:  extracts   payload

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument passed to the log defaults .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  format   instantiate
truth:  format   arguments

test:  return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  wait for the service to return the available services .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  start a service server .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  set the set/get axis label of the current tick locations .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  set a palette with color interfaces .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  class decorator to check if basepath is an iterable of the methods of basepath requested .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  make sure that a module is built .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  returns true if point points in the point provided .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  pulls   representing
truth:  pulls   specification

test:  remove all unique elements from the list .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  we only required by the results of a group manager .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  test   decide
truth:  test   groups

test:  require the specified key .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  collect ports created by quantum from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   edit
truth:  collect   ports

test:  estimate feature independently with feature probability transform parameters x : int number of floats using the thickness sequence .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  retrieve gecos information and return dictionary in dictionary form .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   switch
truth:  accepts   list

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  implement   pulls
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an inline role block as defined in the keyboard bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the role *usage:* *usage:* :code:<your code> *example:* :code:<section> this role is
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   rescale
truth:  function   inline

test:  restful crud controller - needed when no projects add to just search_ac .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  try to commit a commit hash .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  generator for the sphinx of python source files .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  yield   polynomials
truth:  yield   codes

test:  return the number of memory in the memory index .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  for routines that return a coordinate sequence .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  coordinate   rendering
truth:  coordinate   routines

test:  run the process .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  build an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  generates   blocks
truth:  generates   representation

test:  infer a variable .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  look   teardown
truth:  look   type

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  create a switchport object - create a console .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  converts urls in a piece of gap words into a zmq point .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  returns true if x in child format is true .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  detect   uncheck
truth:  detect   element

test:  generate a networkx graph for g parameters g : string encoding for text data in gexf list format .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   been
truth:  generate   format

test:  update files from writeconsolew to a trailing line .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   takes
truth:  copy   stream

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   enumerator_list
truth:  create   confirmation

test:  generate a entropy between two lane and threshold .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   blend
truth:  generates   mask

test:  generic error handler .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  process   capturing
truth:  process   error

test:  call a loop in an spawned reactor .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  call   cie
truth:  call   predicate

test:  run slicer as a question .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  delete a forum .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  this function is for making sure that the data directory .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  migrate   responds
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of all known user names .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  parse a content-type and return a tuple of the form header .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  checks if a bsgs bsgs is a minimal bsgs .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  show details about the given def .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   revoked
truth:  display   details

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  splits a string into sentences .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  as many objects due to be no gaps as possible .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  pulls   errors
truth:  pulls   idea

test:  parses the uri uri into a os uri .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   trimmed
truth:  parse   uri

test:  returns the consumption value for the given key in the string i .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  encrypt   listen
truth:  encrypt   key

test:  a decorator for methods that are used to identify the results of the single argument to send to avoid the memoized args .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  parse a flattened list .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  helper function for pretty-printing fulltext sentences from a list of fulltext .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of active certificates on the minion cli example: .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sample from sample features defined by beta .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  sample   initialise
truth:  sample   layers

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  encodes a string to a bytearray .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  encode   bench
truth:  encode   value

test:  on python 2 .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  is   register
truth:  is   wrapper

test:  run pylint on web page .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   equate
truth:  run   browser

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   tear
truth:  find   module

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   colorized
truth:  adds   context

test:  recompile broken content and whitespace characters into one path .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  taken types specifications .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  perform   tokens
truth:  perform   union

test:  assign hex color to rgb values in hex form .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  wile the given handle and returns a single space .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  returns a list of country time in a dictionary .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  check an entry of the *query file .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a list of collections .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  pulls   -
truth:  pulls   mocks

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   collects
truth:  get   count

test:  call func .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  return the name of the named adapter and ip addresses .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the displayname for the managed instance .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  return whether x is a string of the current series expansion .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  test   added
truth:  test   p

test:  a query that takes a query query string and tries to filter the query query query string .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  callback function for processing processing .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  computes   rotate
truth:  computes   loading

test:  split and unescapes into array of pairs .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  parses   teardown
truth:  parses   type

test:  it should extract post tags from scenario .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  having   fixed
truth:  having   scenario

test:  set the http status .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  remove duplicate text from kb .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  removing   preload
truth:  removing   content

test:  check whether the field is reverse-o2o .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds a dictionary of parameters to build a template string .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   executed
truth:  builds   dictionary

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  parse commandline arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  return the exact includes fields in a given string .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return vector3 from point and xml element .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply migrations for master fact .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  migrate   serves
truth:  migrate   roles

test:  encode string as an integer or unicode .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  generate a .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  return dictionary with password .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  centers the fvwi flag value for a sequence of fvwi .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  check that the special deviation are correctly .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  result   annoy
truth:  result   rank

test:  fetches the list of exploration ids for a given exploration .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  gets   controls
truth:  gets   ids

test:  test that stockwell .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   shut
truth:  test   checker

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   producing
truth:  takes   certificate

test:  tests that the stack is made of exception if corresponding to the current stack is invalid .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  mark   expected
truth:  mark   stack

test:  decorator: wraps a client such that the context is still logged in .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  injects   encapsulate
truth:  injects   instance

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  gets the unique ajax ajax chart for a particular aws ajax chart .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the name of filesystem or none if not .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  return   forgets
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  clones current local major .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  clones   knapsack
truth:  clones   request

test:  return line number of line numbers in a frame .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  get   github
truth:  get   frame

test:  return the subgraph induced by def .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   hydrate
truth:  return   core

test:  set a trace to be used to add a new tag to the slaves iterable .
truth: add tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  test   inf
truth:  test   download

test:  helper method to convert an argument to a standard argument string .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 16-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  generate a dict of fields .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  extracts   executed
truth:  extracts   dictionary

test:  attach a vdi record and returns the reference .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   maxheap
truth:  create   vbd

test:  the error code is returned with the last argument .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  returns a dictionary over the current database .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dict with the keys of a key/value pairs .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  convert   leaves
truth:  convert   dictionaries

test:  setup the yeelight bulbs .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   evpn
truth:  get   schema

test:  asserts the condition of a message is equal to not soon .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  assert   dictionary
truth:  assert   condition

test:  fade out any currently playing music and start playing from the given playlist .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  fade   pulls
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get the location for the directory from the salt master if it doesnt already exist .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  convert a string of base64 to a tuple of integers .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  given   blocks
truth:  given   representation

test:  checks if pep8 is installed .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   acquires
truth:  test   pep8

test:  removes a job status .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  deletes   uploading
truth:  deletes   job

test:  create a new crossorigin="anonymous" containing bandwidth from a normalized value .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  create   sympy
truth:  create   slice

test:  print the road estate manor stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  helper for #36 .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  return the network interface cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns a number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  create a block device .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  return a list of symmetric elements of the discrete integer n .
truth: return base . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  environment variables to update the environment .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  build   unquoting
truth:  build   environment

test:  returns the buy .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  transform special chars in a file to their respective digits .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  return a list of all basic words .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  evaluate some given object .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  start an event on an instance action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   rescales
truth:  start   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create api-version specific engine tables for testing emails to specify api-version specific endpoint .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  poi restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  remove refct pairs from cross nodes .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  remove   scans
truth:  remove   pairs

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get the base directory where the password is installed .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   authorizes
truth:  get   command

test:  check the filter scheduler .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  validates   hits
truth:  validates   filter

test:  adds a user to a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  exemplify demo .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  run   resolving
truth:  run   defaults

test:  returns true when 6 belongs to prefix/plen multicast address space .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   coupling
truth:  return   target

test:  flush all logging calls to logger .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  send   prioritized
truth:  send   messages

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  return the number of divisors of distances .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  chooses   bench
truth:  chooses   value

test:  returns the real matrix of a monomial .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  multiply   export
truth:  multiply   tuple

test:  prints all of the timeseries that a given resource .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  query   constructed
truth:  query   timeseries

test:  retrieve availability zone list .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  validate that value is a mapping of a mapping file .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  returns the path to the http-equiv command .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  echo calls to functions and methods .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  transforms a dataframe into a offset .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  unpack   restrict
truth:  unpack   array

test:  delete an imagemember object .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   preload
truth:  compute   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  this method creates the url for a block .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  url   dictate
truth:  url   studio

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to each string .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  adds   incoming
truth:  adds   op

test:  formats a port into a referrers string .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  returns   be
truth:  returns   acl

test:  imports the given path .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  returns github api url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  update neighbors to database .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  create   rows
truth:  create   indexes

test:  decorator to make sure the decorated test methods in a test .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  sort otu table by ascending ids from mapping file .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   bounds
truth:  sort   table

test:  return true if the target table is already in this dictionary .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  returns   coupling
truth:  returns   target

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets metric by name from list in this module .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a random additional factory .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  lets   pulls
truth:  lets   null

test:  returns the gaussian distance between two arrays .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  register a new decorator to be a class or method as a custom name .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  store   crack
truth:  store   _

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  is lval up? .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  checks   contributed
truth:  checks   t

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  look up an ubuntu tag for a module .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  ensure a string is unicode .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  test extract_array utility function .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  partitions a remote branch that are remote pull .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  return   domain
truth:  return   fetch

test:  generate an extension extension based on the request and extensions from the request .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  get   extension

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  a decorator to check if an action in a view is enabled .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  a helper method to leading zeros that expects a phonenumber object .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get private certificate matches .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  compile commands in docstring .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  pulls   transliterate
truth:  pulls   variable

test:  returns a list of all child nodes of the given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  pads a string in the format to the given width .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  pad   renders
truth:  pad   series

test:  see the binary .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  redirects to the metrics process .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  construct   access
truth:  construct   url

test:  assign to llst .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  slice   truncates
truth:  slice   assignment

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return the largest integer less than n .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  show a sympy expression for a sympy expression .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  show   logged
truth:  show   dialog

test:  helper to validate a list of lists .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a mime-type or ;-separated string to an existing request .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  r^2 test objective function parameters from one array that has a single use_list west : array .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  build an image from theano clock clock clock .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   r^2
truth:  read   form

test:  return a copy of the string s with all tab characters removed .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  parse a list of arguments .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fudge headers .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  alter   stubbed
truth:  alter   headers

test:  turn a numpy array into a numpy array .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   receives
truth:  enable   port

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  returns a matrix of eye .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  get a fake volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  return a list of sql statements that have been sql .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  validates that value is a string .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validate   text
truth:  validate   username

test:  iterate over a handle file .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  generate a 1-d function for a given sqlalchemy function .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  converts a quadratic as a cubic string .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a named tuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   flask
truth:  return   times

test:  parse a string into its component parts .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  split   redash
truth:  split   hive

test:  disconnect a service instance from the vcenter .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  clones a machine by name .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   pulls
truth:  clone   null

test:  issue a flash message .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  read   wrapping
truth:  read   handle

test:  this function patches the flags for each combination of a given attribute and the built-in dictionary .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  content entities in the given html tag .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  transforms   redirecting
truth:  transforms   entity

test:  escape the given json string to json .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  escape   scanned
truth:  escape   dumps

test:  create a managed instance for a managed instance group .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test querying metadata from a deactivated file from an cache .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  given a package path .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  return   resample
truth:  return   directories

test:  query the build config to be rendered in the global namespace .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  construct the custom line from a file .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  provides   sparsedataset
truth:  provides   indices

test:  print the ip address of each text in text .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   flattens
truth:  print   output

test:  load a list of tuples from the tree .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  copies the hcluster into a cross-validated node of nodes .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  release a number of available chapters for the current thread .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   unpublicizes
truth:  release   description

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  move   mounted
truth:  move   end

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  stops cassandra query .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   pulls
truth:  stops   null

test:  get the cache durations for an existing durations .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  returns   serializing
truth:  returns   setting

test:  just removes the sympy request .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  quote a url including any / .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  extract a version string from the current working version file .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   extract
truth:  extract   version

test:  delete an image image for a given image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  check that all of the idle elements of a idle .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  runs the witn development retrieves account from the backend .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  parse the response and return an http response .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  sends an api delete key and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   summarize
truth:  instantiates   zeros

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   executed
truth:  filter   dictionary

test:  checks the places tree .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  escape a value in a url .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   combines
truth:  create   campaign

test:  creates all assets for the provided assets .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  install   proxying
truth:  install   assets

test:  test if full text is not implemented by the test .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  test   dos
truth:  test   search

test:  calculate a simple view with a recent index from the model and index of a model .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  create   usage_key_string
truth:  create   view

test:  check if the path exists and can be used on the device .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  make a backup from a rabbitmq source file .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  generate a key from the system metadata for a specific 2048 .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  simple class decorator to declare a parser .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unblock   allocate
truth:  unblock   user

test:  this will filter the contents of the block if the block of the block .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filter   bartels
truth:  filter   contents

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  creates a fake project to be overwritten if the project supports the test project .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  check that the supplied value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test that tax tax tax source lines with order of taxes taxes .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   fetches
truth:  test   parent

test:  confirm pypureomapi is error .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  function   ssl
truth:  function   errors

test:  make a fake module name that contains only one of the mrjob .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  get the distance squared that the x segment from the segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  url quotes in a string that matches the regex .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  replaces   shared
truth:  replaces   string

test:  parses a configuration file .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add the line to the beginning of the line .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  add   small_stmts
truth:  add   line

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  writes primer fasta filepath qual_fp: quality primer mapping file .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  creates a new theme in the cookiecutter .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   profile
truth:  creates   theme

test:  list all integer available to the given {}result .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  given one of the arguments in the given mode .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  validate and convert from deletion to text .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  run   supports
truth:  run   text

test:  return an array if starting with a file object .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  tests retrieving a single single single object using a single api .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  perform a resnet-50 string and returns the hash .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  callback used by pyyaml when a "!pkl:" tag is encountered .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  get the harris points for the given distance .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  parse a percent percent value or an input .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  split a path into a drive .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  get the name of the process used to determine the given pid from the config file .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  get   snaps
truth:  get   pid

test:  helper function to get an attribute of a module .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the current component of a pathname .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  converts an object to a string or a unicode string .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  function   unescape
truth:  function   validate

test:  generates a link to the oauth2 of the node .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  make   looping
truth:  make   node

test:  return the laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  remove a suffix from a suffix .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the first opened where the first elements in a given condition is the index of the given condition .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  makes sure every line of the exception was called by the python is raised by the python code .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  format   expected
truth:  format   stack

test:  get the platform for the current request .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the list of regions for elastic mapreduce mapreduce .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  returns   emits
truth:  returns   definition

test:  attach all connections to a cache set .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   spawn
truth:  attach   devices

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   guesses
truth:  load   pkg

test:  convert text into an rcode .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  update an entry in the given model .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  pulls   ssh
truth:  pulls   swap

test:  only work on windows where the dism module is windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  run the given command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return a list of tuples and getobjdir if any .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  check environment variables with in python 3 .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of unique libraries we find the full path with the given libraries .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  tries to show an image using the specified schema id .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  makes a wrapper method call to an api method .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  provides   downgrades
truth:  provides   point

test:  convert b from hex to integer .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  given   standardizes
truth:  given   byte

test:  create all the provided files in a dict provided .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a string representing the given list of numbers .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return the absolute version of a path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  extract a path from a list of paths to one .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  tries   tear
truth:  tries   module

test:  delete a server .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  deletes   allocate
truth:  deletes   user

test:  returns a tuple like sparsedataframe .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  returns the mindtouch for a file .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  redirect   labeled
truth:  redirect   file

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes or nodes in a bipartite graph .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   define
truth:  compute   path

test:  open the git chapter .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  opens   generate
truth:  opens   users

test:  convert a terrible .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  get either a sorted polynomial from a sorted sequence .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  get the set of megacycles used by the user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  convert a path or dotted path to a dotted path .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  set the shortcut associated with a given name .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  return next time zone from an instance of the given zone or tzinfo tzinfo tzinfo .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  given   suggests
truth:  given   timezone

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  module home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  generates a landing for the java post element .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  generates a random password from the provided password value .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  generates   emitting
truth:  generates   character

test:  delete orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  clean   borrowed
truth:  clean   instances

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check that all identifier functions can be greater than one are missing .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  this is a helper function to generate the minimum of the data points .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into json .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  converts a string to its base order .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  interpret   shared
truth:  interpret   string

test:  creates a sequence of rolls and match the given state and state .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   sent
truth:  generate   bunch

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns true if the databook is filled with the given databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   enroll
truth:  exhausts   iterator

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  calculate output in y x .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  creates traget dict .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  test freezing a package with a vcs bazaar .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  test   middleware
truth:  test   clone

test:  writes out the output of a file .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   tile
truth:  dumps   information

test:  utility function for blocks registration or course registration .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  converts a n-d matrix to a new tensor where the values are conserved .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  callable to set the path to the given connection .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  like   processing
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  only load if the check module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  make sure the given iterables is a valid iterables .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  raise   constant_expression_opt
truth:  raise   iterables

test:  get all compute compute service by compute a service and host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   press
truth:  get   hostname

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  compact log format from a mime_type .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  load the basic system bindings .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  pulls   resizing
truth:  pulls   bindings

test:  test core with core fetchmany fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   usage
truth:  load   rows

test:  given an argument .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   truncate
truth:  commits   savepoint

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  launch the wsgi logging configuration for each use in the given instance .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  allows   dissassociates
truth:  allows   levels

test:  extract the kind of an entity kind .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  extracts   construct
truth:  extracts   kind

test:  helper function to ignore warnings and test reports .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  context   float
truth:  context   decorator

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  returns the secret token .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  testing the context request instances from the dict testing .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  configures   colorized
truth:  configures   context

test:  export a command .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   handles
truth:  export   site

test:  returns the version number appearing in the file in the given file paths .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  search   labeled
truth:  search   file

test:  read the string table from a fif xml .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   gauss
truth:  read   strings

test:  get the datastore list from the database .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  validates that the supplied value is compatible with the same docker id .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  check   search
truth:  check   d

test:  validates that value is an instance of basestring or none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  select an attribute from a path attribute .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  select   uncheck
truth:  select   element

test:  return a list off mac addresses from the named instance .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  check if the executable is available or if we have some or if the path exists .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  decorator to require that a user is a collection .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  requires   reallocation
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the login ip from the fund .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  returns true if the given filepath is a votable string .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  file with verbosity 2 must show only the level of the feature .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  create a deterministic function inside a singleton .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  stretch a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  dimension   labeled
truth:  dimension   file

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  return a dict with paths of the hello plugin .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  format a username to a binary string .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a timestamps dictionary .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  function   switch
truth:  function   list

test:  parse authentication entries from sudo .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  parses   protects
truth:  parses   args

test:  recursively yield all the file names of a given directory .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  iterates   preferred
truth:  iterates   subdirectories

test:  retrieves the created created with code of a course code for a specific course code by course_key .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  converts symbol into an iterable of clauses .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  print statistics about the numa stats .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  test plotting of raw data .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  test   triggers
truth:  test   plotting

test:  callback for the request .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  process   small_stmts
truth:  process   line

test:  compute univariate polynomial of f .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  test the provided status .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  pulls   routing
truth:  pulls   registry

test:  create an html file using the encoded html file .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  generates a dictionary of paths to dependency .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  determines the input size of a convolution operation .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  determines   confirmed
truth:  determines   length

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  parses a cookie header and returns a dict of the lines with value .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   bench
truth:  parses   value

test:  determine if saferepr is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  name is a version of potential assumed assumed to test .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  ensure that the plugin plugins are valid .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  checks   identifies
truth:  checks   plugin

test:  wrapper for page titles .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  abbreviated abbreviated formatter for users best .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  tests   tsv
truth:  tests   components

test:  capture the smallest prompt to support a stream .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a higher order function implemented on top of the block_structure .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   catch
truth:  returns   course

test:  test whether arg is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  test   utf-8
truth:  test   argument

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the currently active language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   stretch
truth:  returns   language

test:  test the move that are not implemented correctly .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  run a test as its labels .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  test   mocked
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting or if it is intersecting .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  instantiate a class or override the given ex .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  used   enumerates
truth:  used   protocol

test:  volunteer volunteer cluster controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the number of items that are joins from a given separator .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  creates   define
truth:  creates   path

test:  returns a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  iterates over the microdescriptors in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   unmap
truth:  iterates   descriptors

test:  get the file or directory .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize the rng rng .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  initialize   grouping
truth:  initialize   system

test:  gets the value for the given key .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  retrieve   unleash
truth:  retrieve   store

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  writes   attriute
truth:  writes   stdout

test:  returns the hash digest of a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  builds a list of wiki links in a list of locale codes .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  list   decreases
truth:  list   documents

test:  converts a list of dictionaries to a set of key/value matching items .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  differentiate polynomial in gf_csolve .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  calculate   cleaning
truth:  calculate   matrix

test:  generate a resource from source and a full filename .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  write data to an existing returner .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email address string into a python type .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  scrub   based
truth:  scrub   address

test:  generate a a a list of all the aliases tag instances .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generate   sleep
truth:  generate   files

test:  setup the plex platform .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  return a list of all available hostnames modules .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  compute the first sum of a given type .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   query
truth:  compute   position

test:  handle fully or delete a basket request .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   limiting
truth:  handle   order

test:  return the path to the built-in resource prefix .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   fill
truth:  return   pathname

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  emit   attribute
truth:  emit   statements

test:  set a pipeline timeout .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  get releases with an discid id as a dict with a discid .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  search   instanticates
truth:  search   releases

test:  return a list of the prime number represented by n .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   replaced
truth:  return   digits

test:  get count and raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  reshape iterator of sequence .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return the string - used by the setting .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  return true if the search is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  encodes a unicode value to utf-8 if not yet encoded .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  helper function for tag" .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the full configuration dictionary from the wsgi environment .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  send   backported
truth:  send   handlers

test:  get a list of string .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  bind the model with the nameservers to the parent directory .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  create   filtering
truth:  create   edit

test:  export a list of patches to summaries .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  upload a file-like object to s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the actual log of the response body and body .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  pulls   increasing
truth:  pulls   pyrax

test:  find a given user_id by anonymous id .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   printing
truth:  set   locale

test:  callback to generate a standard shell shell .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  setup the swiss lights .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  set   behaves
truth:  set   bom

test:  ensure that a directory exists .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get a specific backend .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  returns a list of characters from a tweet and limit .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  get   sympy
truth:  get   slice

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   incorporate
truth:  delete   cursor

test:  get list of all of a list of layer objects .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  a dummy selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  pulls   grabbing
truth:  pulls   selector

test:  convert input image to rgba array .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  deletes the named user .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   allocate
truth:  ensures   user

test:  like d .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  multiply   divides
truth:  multiply   matrices

test:  transform a castra to a dask .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  load   reduces
truth:  load   dask

test:  get the number of instances which the degree is in the example:: .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  send out the user url to the logout css .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  build an error message from network .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   stores
truth:  instantiate   name

test:  returns the name of a username .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  return a list of all the sentences found in the given language .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  use   default
truth:  use   part

test:  create a temporary file name .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  copy files from a file to postgresql .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce a simple --help that is not a positive date for the given reference extension .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator that adds seamless header to the response .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  pulls   opening
truth:  pulls   smart_text

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda list keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  trims the fragment and replace its text as an html link in text .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  trims   string
truth:  trims   texts

test:  get the windows key to the registry key .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  retrieves   intialize
truth:  retrieves   root

test:  gettz takes a db metadata and returns the number of messages .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  create a subtitle path from the given video path using the language hooks .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  tokenizes the given text into a string of tags .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  tokenizes   supports
truth:  tokenizes   text

test:  convert the given function to a class .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  compute   crop
truth:  compute   directory

test:  test useless between an alloc and a table that is passed .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  initialize __init__ file descriptor in the given file descriptor .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   boot
truth:  parse   dot

test:  function to shutdown a windows environment .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  returns a string made by the xml xpath .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  find   uncheck
truth:  find   element

test:  experiment the default exception handler for tvdb_api .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  displays   evpn
truth:  displays   schema

test:  ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   forwards
truth:  ensure   image

test:  helper function to resolve a relative url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  resolve   access
truth:  resolve   url

test:  removes elements from tup .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  remove   query
truth:  remove   position

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  calculates the autocorrelation of the gamma function .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove special folders that are created by the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  decorate a function to be called when an refresher command .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   skills
truth:  fetches   track

test:  generate a map of rules for each of the given map map map .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  validates if locale is a valid locale .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  make   printing
truth:  make   locale

test:  check that x .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  handle lists/arrays of integers/bools as indexes .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  flip   sparsedataset
truth:  flip   indices

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  retrieves the identity model for an identity .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require a conda package .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  restart the specified service cli example: .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  run   calculate
truth:  run   windows

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension extensions .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  function or not quite as a workbook workbook .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  check that something that require at least one gcrs works as expected .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  removes the first code represented by dtc .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  returns   httperror
truth:  returns   digit

test:  track: instanceproperty .
truth: like @property . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  send vote on a vote and undo it .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the power of the graph .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete logged in the response .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  delete   unenroll
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create an entry of block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   were
truth:  gets   property

test:  generate a callback for an upload .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  runs   bounds
truth:  runs   table

test:  function that processes uptime from show version data .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   shared
truth:  obtain   string

test:  get a server by name .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the latest configuration .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  serializes an object to a pickle string .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   bootstraps
truth:  serializes   callable

test:  extract a zip file from a path .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  extract   blink
truth:  extract   zip

test:  ensure that the named dns is absent name the unique name of the state definition .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   restart
truth:  ensure   account

test:  parse the mapping of comments to a dataframe or parsing the mapping file .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   presents
truth:  parse   mapping

test:  the absolute path of a mock .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  transform the vector3 from the vector3 matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   rescue
truth:  transform   vector3

test:  return a unicode representation of string or unicode strings .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  list all the available security groups .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   protect
truth:  list   ips

test:  ensure the marathon object is absent .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   be
truth:  ensure   acl

test:  build model into model .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  try   regenerate
truth:  try   nltk

test:  assemble a function into function .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  assemble   labeled
truth:  assemble   file

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  pulls   pack
truth:  pulls   edge

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  check that admin 3998 fails .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  a view that tests that the response returned by the json .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  returns the instance metadata for the specified instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   post_save
truth:  returns   metadata

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method in a executor .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the standard deviation of the standard deviation of the given iterable .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  drop tps directories .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   resample
truth:  drop   directories

test:  replace -> string return a string with only the alpha of the string escaped by the dictionary .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  strip # markers at the front of a string .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  return   iterates
truth:  return   comment

test:  get the firewall status set .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  show   finalize
truth:  show   firewall

test:  update stats from a pkt-line .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  run the bokeh script specified by the bokeh python script .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  add better gpu for single block .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  pulls   landing
truth:  pulls   sum

test:  writes the given metadata to a file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a textual file path .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  make sure hosts defined in @roles with 180 in it .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   prefilled
truth:  make   hosts

test:  return the string from an byte-code object .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  create index in a generalized triangular matrix d .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  returns   descend
truth:  returns   edges

test:  modify section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   alignment
truth:  modify   section

test:  return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  transform unconstrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation to unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer parameters unconstrained : array or n the optimizer .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  transform   offset
truth:  transform   parameters

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  return the program names and can be used to find program .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  print *g and the args .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  function   roundrobin
truth:  function   application

test:  checks if the given language is a valid language code .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return mro for methods in type resolution order from the type or classic .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  return   limiting
truth:  return   order

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  strips matching handlers from handlers and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  strips   nose
truth:  strips   prefix

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   clearing
truth:  read   meta

test:  determines if the module is an extension module .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  renders the two things .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  returns a string of the installed version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  display   populating
truth:  display   info

test:  converts the given delta number to seconds since the epoch that is integer .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   establish
truth:  convert   py

test:  rename an existing wiki page from a wiki page .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  computes the poisson pmf .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  computes   intrepret
truth:  computes   pdf

test:  all the asynchronous response data from a data response .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  get the amount of virtual machine and the shared memory .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  allocate   squares
truth:  allocate   percent

test:  returns the specified namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  a synthesis of the tokenizer .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  calculate style loss between style_image and target_image .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  calculate   negotiate
truth:  calculate   loss

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  decorator for methods that are unified to modify immutable such that func is run in the test .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  memoize   float
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  return a reasonable biostar path for the tool .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  provide   enhanced
truth:  provide   object

test:  converts the given response code to a response object .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  return mask for missing .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  graph and return a edx-notes-api pair .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  returns   document
truth:  returns   brackets

test:  parse the code from a code string .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  reorder unifrac names that are following names .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  read text shape file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   overwrites
truth:  read   shape

test:  get a string with length size bytes from raw bytes .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  prints error messages and exit with an error code .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  dump   extended
truth:  dump   exit

test:  divide the test suite for all antidivisors .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  define the existing config .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  searches   deflate
truth:  searches   config

test:  generate nodes from a directed graph .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  search   looping
truth:  search   node

test:  prints all custom diagnostics .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  simple command-line program .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  from github issue #1463 .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   expression_opt
truth:  test   astropy

test:  check if a python is installed in the system .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  returns true if *uri* can be used .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string of bytes into an integer .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test general boolean set .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  akaike information criterion with small sample correction parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  return html using a readable text .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  markdown   hits
truth:  markdown   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  adds a message with the warning level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  use this decorator to exit with gracefully stack critical .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  logs   unbinds
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  constructs the travel kernel spec .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  expands   simulate
truth:  expands   spec

test:  delete all server from spacewalk cli example: .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   review
truth:  delete   keys

test:  return xattr_where_from information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  parse the model with the liftover model level .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  adds a new error to the new error .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  add   polynomials
truth:  add   codes

test:  ensure a specific variable is set in the running search in the given name the name of the full search : string containing the dump to replace for replace returns:
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  replace   borrowed
truth:  replace   instances

test:  return a socketio request faults in the current session .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return qr qr decomposition of a such that f = a .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  computes   grants
truth:  computes   decomposition

test:  get addongithubnodesettings intersections for each element in x .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  return   interact
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an icon from a django field with django .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  returns the mac address contained in rfc 2822 address .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  generate   outline
truth:  generate   hex

test:  return a list of all services that are not installed but not specified to virtual installed via the system cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  convert a dns host string to a given host .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  installs a specific directory to the given composer .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   bytes
truth:  searches   album

test:  creates or disable an array field of type .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  use "knv0" .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  decode a single task encoded task .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decodes   whiteboard
truth:  decodes   payload

test:  find the portion of the qgradient qgradient by [csm or gradient .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode s with spaces .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  guess   unifies
truth:  guess   encoding

test:  grab list of commits to summaries that are executed to commit .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  ensure that a filename exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  generate a git script .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generates   optimized
truth:  generates   script

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  display a matplotlib set of pem .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  pulls   parens
truth:  pulls   figure

test:  determine error messages from determine if there is no or not .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  format a list as a list .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  format   switch
truth:  format   list

test:  setup logging .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  creates a new .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse out an event definition .
truth: given an event . 
test:  given   rescales
truth:  given   event

test:  try to simplify a cg as simp .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  simplify   assembles
truth:  simplify   coefficients

test:  given a course_id and comment_id for the given course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  gets the virtual queues of the queue .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   paginates
truth:  list   queues

test:  send a notification about a pushover server .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   clones
truth:  send   server

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   decide
truth:  change   groups

test:  returns the oneline .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  verify that the specified python is installed and can be installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   flip
truth:  verify   python

test:  compute plain text against a same dimension as left .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  join   flip
truth:  join   python

test:  returns data from a datastore path .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  generate a strategy to setup the named strategy .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  send a custom github stream based on github .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  processes   extract
truth:  processes   version

test:  compare two strings .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   understemmed
truth:  compare   results

test:  reads the secret signer from the secrets database and writes it to the keyczar keyczar signer secrets subdir .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  writes   bench
truth:  writes   value

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the file .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   tend
truth:  return   chunk

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read a file and return the resulting object .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  estimate the chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the length of the python source file .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return a list of interval for the specified user .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  return   multivariate
truth:  return   blocks

test:  checks barcodes of a variable .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decorator to declare which methods are public before the client is to be a function with the same as the same name .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  copied from url#l15 .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  add   flip
truth:  add   python

test:  read lsm data from file and return as numpy .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return a file for the given attachment .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create the test suite for the given module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  makes   compiles
truth:  makes   suite

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  write a table .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  return true if the current site configuration has been enabled .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  trim zeros from the input string .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  trims   summarize
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  converts a path s to a string .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  helper function to check if a path should be matches or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add an application with the given volume .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   roundrobin
truth:  add   application

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  writes datachars to writer .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   cutting
truth:  writes   writer

test:  get a list of valid user or theuser .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  check if a vlan does the specified vlan exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  when using a good datetime .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  tests   initializing
truth:  tests   trigger

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  nice nice node info .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  print   looping
truth:  print   node

test:  open a repository in the current directory .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  spawn   command
truth:  spawn   session

test:  computes the p-th sample sum of p .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  convert action which is advance with the given name and description .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  creates   decrease
truth:  creates   action

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  check that the custom completion completion can be custom .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  returns a timezone string for the given matplotlib .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  add new slash .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  delete a instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  create a new team .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a relationship() which specifies post_update .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  issue   attribute
truth:  issue   statements

test:  run a first line of the given engine .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  return   mixed
truth:  return   engine

test:  edit a document .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns list of report for given module .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the divequal of a dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  test pickle and ensure not apply to a pickle variable>}}{text{<dependent .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  get the notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  creates a list of all the currently formatted domain objects .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  cache   analyzes
truth:  cache   size

test:  check whether a fits file has a checksums checksum .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  internal workflow operation to get an entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  reads html data from the given file handle and returns a single record .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  runs a redis server in a redis connection .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  a version of the /api/ .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  split a template into list of paths and the filename at *path* .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  split   explore
truth:  split   segments

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  checks that all identifier elements that have been met by other tips .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  ask the user for a color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   detects
truth:  ask   color

test:  return true if n == a * n .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  is   seq
truth:  is   fft

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  hashes a hash type name and inspection .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return a path relative to colas /usr/share/doc/ directory .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a path to a file: name .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  flatten an iterable of strings that can be ignored .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   eliminates
truth:  flatten   elements

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   examines
truth:  encode   peak

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate a new crude string for an existing method .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  delete the named sysv service cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  creates appropriate database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   populates
truth:  creates   params

test:  get a store from uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  check the distributions of a given plot .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  sort   restoring
truth:  sort   data

test:  checks that g is a valid status code and tries to run .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  validates   inverts
truth:  validates   statuses

test:  convert list to list of dictionaries .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  convert a value into a timedelta .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  detect whether the given path is within the repository folder .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  detects   define
truth:  detects   path

test:  add history to the history .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  indicate   rearranges
truth:  indicate   import

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  define rss-feeds listed in the setup file return a list of explicit servers .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  define   wait
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  define java_jar target .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  a post-hook for the base class .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  pulls   belong
truth:  pulls   hook

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set a list of json modules .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  sets   were
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect handling of two handlers .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  connect   extends
truth:  connect   signals

test:  convert a propositional logical algorithm to an position: logical and a new value .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated selector is used to avoid api selector .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  serialize the byte sequence in the given list of urlpattern .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  compare   reported
truth:  compare   function

test:  render a paginator .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  render   outputs
truth:  render   pages

test:  loads a file .
truth: open history . 
test:  open   remove
truth:  open   history

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  read in the configuration from the sample .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get or set the *y*-limits of the current tick locations and labels .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  only work on gentoo systems with layman installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confine   encode
truth:  confine   mac

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install docker task install for centos .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  const_map_item : id | string .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  works on a file .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  returns true if and only if minc is installed .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  connect   satisfy
truth:  connect   container

test:  move source file and its dest .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   unlocking
truth:  move   source

test:  attempt to remove the given filename .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  check if a string is a valid string or a value .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  find a mechanism with the control noise is a g .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  compute   commits
truth:  compute   sensitivity

test:  launches a dialog with dialog for use in the retrieved view .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   xfail
truth:  launches   help

test:  fastprint calls fastprint .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  build the sitemap for the sitemap of the task examples .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   sleep
truth:  build   files

test:  creates a protobuf from a document_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  system information type 7 section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  plot a single image and 2sigma degrees .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  send a tarball to the postgres server .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  send   rescales
truth:  send   event

test:  find if the named service is enabled to start or not enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a named group type .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  given a generic regular expression .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  search   printed
truth:  search   pattern

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return list of all the records of the data from the given list of records .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  create a filename containing a static mission .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  extract the first element of a string .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  return   shed
truth:  return   exception

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   forget
truth:  returns   inverse

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  parse a uri string and return the uri given by uri .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the original original original object for original process .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  add faces from square .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  rgb to the partial fit .
truth: transform x . 
test:  transform   pulls
truth:  transform   null

test:  return the docker image with the given namedtuple .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  given   deactivate
truth:  given   glance

test:  renders the home page .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  a asynchronous program .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   bring
truth:  stream   page

test:  validates a program and return true if it is installed .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  split a name into no more than 1 .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  returns a list of elements from the xpath given in the path .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  pulls   rewrites
truth:  pulls   xpath

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  set the preferred time zone for the channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  sets   rect
truth:  sets   work

test:  return the full svd of the svd .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  return   mutate
truth:  return   column

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  show the same message twice -> only one should be shown .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  get the docs file name of a source file .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  retrieve   removing
truth:  retrieve   parse

test:  filter out the common function names from a list of strings .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   attempt
truth:  split   extension

test:  ask the contents of a given file .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  wait for a volume to become watch based on a node .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string with random characters appended .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  return 18 templates .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   derive
truth:  return   templates

test:  create the current stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return telemetry data for the email address .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  add items to slaves using item db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get task status for a task with the requested instructor and status .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  view   located
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the most appropriate speed for given place .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  returns a wsgi model class from an app_label .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  assert that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return index of the highest value in a list .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all specification for a given qos_specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  render the given markdown .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  given   surround
truth:  given   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  quote -> string return a bytestring version of safe for inclusion in string .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  format a formatted string for use in http headers .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   emits
truth:  transform   definition

test:  fetches information of a certain security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   tile
truth:  fetches   information

test:  fetches a valid exploration exploration .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup the state of a given database .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  keypoints the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob if the image keypoints .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  upload the server:port folder to the excludes directory .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  uploads   forgot
truth:  uploads   project

test:  provides google api credentials .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  get   skipped
truth:  get   use

test:  create a dict from an options service .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  run the wx event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  sends a admins contact .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  generate more than a layer n times the given corpus .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  get the latest version of a given modules .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  grab   extract
truth:  grab   version

test:  return the percentage of the given power type against the given power type .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated value as a string .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  push notification for the given course and update the course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  return true if string is a text file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  run the "harvest" will run only on configured status .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  apply a acoustid to each task for a task .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  apply   post_save
truth:  apply   metadata

test:  filelinks: calling _repr_html_ functions as display functions instead of repr() functions .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  create a program to run a qicon .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  make a dataset with the same name as the type that could still different types .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  creates   debugging
truth:  creates   dataset

test:  gets the footer footer .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of all the data for the given job .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  x is a n*m kernel x .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  create   iterator
truth:  create   kernel

test:  return default function of a list of central data .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  descend   restoring
truth:  descend   data

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  check if the name is a valid one of the name .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   guessing
truth:  destroy   namespace

test:  ensures that all files in json format are also plotly in the local file .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   demonstrates
truth:  ensure   setup

test:  returns the set of all unicode applicable .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  pulls   waitfordeferred
truth:  pulls   monkey

test:  generates a dict of file values to a simple dict .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  map   reported
truth:  map   function

test:  add workers table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  finds the given activity year from a date .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read a dict of files .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   drops
truth:  wrap   call

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  pulls   removing
truth:  pulls   parse

test:  performs metagenomeseqs css css otu file for a directory parameters da : symmetric perform pcoas needs to be roman task-executing : string containing kirby : syncs .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  generate the coverage flag .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  returns   translates
truth:  returns   flags

test:  sample from string to find the number of characters .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  filter   reported
truth:  filter   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  call this function is only supported when the call python module is done .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  required   server_root
truth:  required   opts

test:  push an image from a docker registry .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  push   forwards
truth:  push   image

test:  initialize the specified address .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialise   bounds
truth:  initialise   table

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  function to return the list of completed code for a question the order of a question .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  get   target_expressing
truth:  get   question

test:  pop arguments from stack" .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   instantiate
truth:  composes   arguments

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   bench
truth:  skip   value

test:  returns true if the current request is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  check   format_alignment
truth:  check   authentication

test:  sets up a user to the login service .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  prompts   allocate
truth:  prompts   user

test:  scroll_offset a cursor if it is from the current cursor .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  emulate   preprocessing
truth:  emulate   char

test:  get the minimum distribution .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  to make things little bit more campaign .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  test pick with mixin data .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  setup scenario black switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  add   fixed
truth:  add   scenario

test:  returns the successors of the nodes in a breadth-first .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  warning priority controller - restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  format a string on the input header or a standard format for the header .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  insert   assume
truth:  insert   header

test:  tests socket down the service calling key on the service .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  get all instances belonging to a consistency or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   borrowed
truth:  get   instances

test:  depth first search wrapper for each search in the tree starting with first search path .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  depth   dos
truth:  depth   search

test:  read in the generated from salt cachedir .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  changes   populating
truth:  changes   info

test:  return a list of wanna show help from project .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   determine
truth:  get   projects

test:  encodes string to unicode and then escapes it .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return the current depth of the current file .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  determines   downloading
truth:  determines   package

test:  stop the geonode geoserver process .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  find if vote explicitly contains the locale .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  given a location from the location .
truth: given a location . 
test:  given   widening
truth:  given   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  stop a node by sending it to the named service via s6 .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  attempt to alarm a keypress on the host .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  map   specifies
truth:  map   methods

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  generate   forbid
truth:  generate   options

test:  expand arguments into one line .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  get whether or not the user is a qurl .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  command name auto-correct .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  command   twitter
truth:  command   auto

test:  rheader for facilities when doing a req_match .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  activate a theme based on the given theme .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  does a c{ioerror} lookup -- returns the appropriate hello console .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  parse plugin(s) string into a list of triples and return it .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  parse   decoding
truth:  parse   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  returns a dictionary of meta-data as a list of features .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  given   xlsx
truth:  given   query

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  copied from containerbroker before the x_container_sync_point[12] columns were added; used for testing with testaccountbrokerbeforemetadata .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   unblock
truth:  copied   swift

test:  i have sent an email with the following in the body: .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  find the words in trie that match trie .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  sanitize hostname from a unicode hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all modules .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   stores
truth:  loads   name

test:  parse a dict of delimited values into a tuple .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  function   xlsx
truth:  function   query

test:  prints gracefully exceptions that fail when the exception is raised .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  log   unbinds
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  prints a warning .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  modify all students of ccx courses .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  manage   progress
truth:  manage   enrollment

test:  mangle the type by the type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  mangle   teardown
truth:  mangle   type

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   doctest
truth:  compute   remainder

test:  get list of all installed apps from given app .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   spawns
truth:  ensure   endpoint

test:  sending message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  validates a mapping of the mapping file and gradient classes to a mapping of the mapping file .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  ensures   transliterate
truth:  ensures   variable

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  plot multiple metrics with colors .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   sift
truth:  plot   metric

test:  given a course_key .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  encode a string to mysql .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  check the passed-in service .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  fetches   stores
truth:  fetches   name

test:  wait until a package is running .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  generate a random number generator .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  return the gaussian erfinv function .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   stubbed
truth:  learns   headers

test:  return a list of all available locks on the system .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  creates the query if it is belonging to a setup field .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  help   obj
truth:  help   filters

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  generate only plugin names to be used with configures .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return a dictionary over all possible configurations .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  returns   minpoly(add
truth:  returns   words

test:  removes matching of a single socket .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  handle   asarray
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders fields in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   masks
truth:  renders   jinja2

test:  avoid duplicating page param in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   deal
truth:  avoid   param

test:  given a course domain .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a filename or zipfile filename .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  filename   wanted
truth:  filename   filename

test:  the tid: into a temporary file system data: data for tid .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  return sets or string in an specified package .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  language: outline -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  can parse the first scenario tags from a feature .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  tell and quote data .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  windows paths - ignore long paths -  + program[id] .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  use   rasied
truth:  use   ctypes

test:  checks for the existence of two enrolled paths the two paths of the given paths and returns the exit-handler determine if any of the two directories are attached to the
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  get the network surrounding .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  gets   killed
truth:  gets   network

test:  make sure we dont crash if a show level .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  test   storing
truth:  test   template

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  check if all of skipped are present .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  render a jinja template for the given recipe with a jinja resolver .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  evaluate   result
truth:  evaluate   recipe

test:  converts a dict of bytes into a dict of ascii keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  create a file from a path .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  if a string .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   place
truth:  view   generator

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   sympy
truth:  returns   slice

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  fetches a list of all configured security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  creates a new l2 instance using the given tenant service .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  change the primary primary address of user .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  change   based
truth:  change   address

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  add to a message in the format string .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  formatting   unbinds
truth:  formatting   exceptions

test:  marks the versions of all the deprecated options except for this site .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  add a file at the given path .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  plot error band for each observation in the original band .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   capturing
truth:  plot   error

test:  check the count of all the pairs of a dataset .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  reduces   lstrip
truth:  reduces   set

test:  the main program .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  return all volumes matching a generic generic volume group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  a wrapper around djangos conditions .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  archive   pulls
truth:  archive   null

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  returns the maximum -flow calls .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  restore a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  create a client instance with a vserver .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   unload
truth:  get   client

test:  group a dataframe by ranges into a dataframe parameters index : pandas .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  computes   regressiont
truth:  computes   index

test:  returns the provided messages and delete the session .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  get   prioritized
truth:  get   messages

test:  sends an email to the email with a collection of creation .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   equalize
truth:  sends   email

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this tamper script works
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  updates the incoming dictionary mapping file .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  importing   pulls
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve login url of the enabled provider url .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  gets   access
truth:  gets   url

test:  truncates a value or fields .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  truncates   pulls
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the maximum value along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  transposes   providing
truth:  transposes   tensor

test:  puts() should print unicode output without a stream prefix .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize finder .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   rank
truth:  display   finder

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  decorate a record-style middleware to decode an api .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  in format a usable exclusive exclusive .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  get the appropriate center x list .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  return the country codes from the user .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  returns the ring of the graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  defines   base64
truth:  defines   ring

test:  helper function for warning to redirect to a message with a title to the status of the desired location .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  redirects   pulls
truth:  redirects   null

test:  send a message to a jid .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  add a path to the ckan path .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  compute the dot dot product of a .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  pulls   registers
truth:  pulls   product

test:  download the groups: or invoice file from a given invoice using the invoice website reports .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   intrepret
truth:  download   pdf

test:  grab the current configuration from the user-agent configuration .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  creates   fixes
truth:  creates   manager

test:  parse the option to a list of options .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  get the state of a package from the proxied device .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  basic regexp .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replaces   drawing
truth:  replaces   tags

test:  helper function to strip products in the course fields .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  generate a naive datetime instance from a datetime .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  generating   pulls
truth:  generating   null

test:  get md5sum of a file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  create a simple short nxm entry for the given data .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  make   inform
truth:  make   entry

test:  associate qos_specs with specified qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   teardown
truth:  associate   type

test:  convert a salt://_grains .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   launch
truth:  convert   coordinates

test:  transliterate unicode characters to ascii .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  change   flashes
truth:  change   characters

test:  register register article creator creator and clear it .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  parse the type of a http request .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  parses a cost setting .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   pre
truth:  parses   equation

test:  git a git clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  test   unparsing
truth:  test   git

test:  test that a none in d] .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   throw
truth:  adds   x

test:  compute the matrix exponential using the discount lstd functions .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  pulls   skip
truth:  pulls   difference

test:  creates a ipaddr in a merchant .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   banned
truth:  create   children

test:  returns the current error message to a string .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  filters a list of urls for each url .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the billedopprotos on the account .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   guessing
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  retrieve a comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  dispatches   decrease
truth:  dispatches   action

test:  returns the current root directory .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  sets up a role for sphinx extension .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  for cross compatibility between python 2 and certain certain value .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  compile   bench
truth:  compile   value

test:  get solid geometryoutput by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  convert a simple ipv4 address to a list of address .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  since proxmox works based op ids rather than names as identifiers this requires some filtering to retrieve the required information from cloud provider .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  retrieve   hostname
truth:  retrieve   vm

test:  return absolute path to resource relative to the directory of a resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  ensure that the doctest count gets empty .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  return the direct value for a specific node cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns the method name from the given function .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  fetch google with google cloud natural from google api .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   dos
truth:  fetch   search

test:  list files .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  remove   extension

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   jump
truth:  add   pixel

test:  fixes python records from a frame .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  try   disabling
truth:  try   filenames

test:  copies the suspend module to disk .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the login view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   parsefile
truth:  get   descriptor

test:  decode a string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  check the next tag of the current default community .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  update addons+collections collections .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   hooked
truth:  update   downloads

test:  check if a name is a locked .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  determine   constructs
truth:  determine   lock

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  matrix slice .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  trace   cleaning
truth:  trace   matrix

test:  tests whether parameters are contains aws n321 .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  extract the key from an index params .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  validate that the loop is a debug doctype in 0 .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  check   urlencode
truth:  check   item

test:  run the profile .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  converts a string of string s to a list of space-separated .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  calculate the remaining remaining time for a start date .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   support
truth:  calculate   time

test:  classify random 16x16 color images into 2 classes using 2 and sigmoid activations with single layer of gru units .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   zoom
truth:  classify   vectors

test:  parse a filename .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   unlocking
truth:  parse   source

test:  helper function to convert a dict of pairs to a json file .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  converts   svn
truth:  converts   dicts

test:  get python import import of four repeat .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  ensure the container agent is enabled to be enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   reading
truth:  ensure   agent

test:  helper function for handling bits .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  get   linkify
truth:  get   integer

test:  create a delfacl from a given acl string name the type of the files to be included as a member of the given acl this minion .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  convolutional conv with the symbolic of a contiguous kind of a contiguous tensor .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  add a check and start so that they check name in serviceold .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  test unique function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  export a one or more group .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  test mne show info .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   latex
truth:  test   mne

test:  enhanced vtk .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  packs a boolean property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  given an *y*-axis .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  return   given
truth:  return   register

test:  checks the response and extract replace .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  generic error return value from a http error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  calculate database location for all symbol plugins .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  calculate   deployed
truth:  calculate   symbols

test:  return a permission object for a user with permission to cache its permissions .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  caching   files
truth:  caching   check

test:  create a loopback .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  creates the class from an option option .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  extract the _mantissa bits from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  determine   prepopulates
truth:  determine   bits

test:  recursively traverse a files directory and return all its contents .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  finds   beginning
truth:  finds   glob

test:  test a line with a title on a line .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  add an empty file to a file after each images in percent_subsample: .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  determine whether the path should be logged in the conflicts situations: conflicts .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  inform   allocate
truth:  inform   user

test:  converts db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test that a resource is not a list of sentences .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  classify a list of words .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  convert spherical coordinates to cartesian .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   launch
truth:  converts   coordinates

test:  returns whether the field is inside a sqlalchemy model class .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  returns   pushing
truth:  returns   model

test:  create and return a widget instance .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  setup the binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  tests that the index file never be marked as changed .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   highlights
truth:  tests   update

test:  create a new compiler compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  moves users to another file .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  moves   l{twisted
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  return the login object for a given host and port .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  test that bootstrapping is in random mean .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  reads the configuration file .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  testing autocompletion should only be single 'silverlight' .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  create the registry cache directory .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   eliminating
truth:  return   cache

test:  update remotes in a list of packages .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  execute   domain
truth:  execute   fetch

test:  returns expired sessions of a device .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  returns   implement
truth:  returns   sessions

test:  return true if the tag for a comment .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  split the first column into a list of nonefor .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  returns a list of dot product of the role .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  solve   teardown
truth:  solve   type

test:  remove all headers from a response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  removes   stubbed
truth:  removes   headers

test:  simulate a function that returns the enumeration of the passed in net .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  return a merge containing all prefixes prefixes from the report_file .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  given   disappear
truth:  given   commit

test:  tries to load the profile model in the given settings .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  a ll method which just the logging module .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   fixes
truth:  test   manager

test:  compute the periodogram matrix x .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a dict with file *note* replaced by filename .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  replace   supports
truth:  replace   text

test:  delete a github service cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  delete   enabled
truth:  delete   nova

test:  tell worker(s) to consume an action topic .
truth: hold election . 
test:  hold   pulls
truth:  hold   null

test:  test when a virtualenv is created .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  test   mail
truth:  test   creation

test:  uninstall an apk from the specified system cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   registers
truth:  uninstall   product

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   stubbed
truth:  asserts   headers

test:  compute the hyperbolic sparse matrix a sparse matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets the number of subtasks and long subtasks to one .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  determines   sparks
truth:  determines   number

test:  extracts messages and their status header .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  gets   randomise
truth:  gets   message

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used for generating view decorator .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  copy all collect_bears .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  generates   forgets
truth:  generates   filesystem

test:  gets the list of users that a users password .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  stop gradient of gradient .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get all slave ips from a slave .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  returns   responds
truth:  returns   database

test:  check to see if a ca file exists .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  returns the distance between any non-singleton and y .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns the rank of an array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  take   restrict
truth:  take   array

test:  set a value in an interface .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  sets   listen
truth:  sets   key

test:  adds small array to the specified shape .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  return lines in line .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  receive the title from the cache .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  list all running services cli example: .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   paste
truth:  list   containers

test:  helper function to convert triple string into a new color .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  decorator which update the decorated methods in the current basis .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  verifies that username is valid .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  verified   pulls
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the linear and previous_value_columns of two related slashes .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns encodings from given content type string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  marks a test as deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  indicates   reported
truth:  indicates   function

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   offset
truth:  indicates   parameters

test:  returns an cleanup configuration value according to the client subs_somevalue value .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   was
truth:  change   uid

test:  converts the current date in milliseconds to a datetime instance .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  returns   known
truth:  returns   utc

test:  converts a wotan tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  delete the cors cors returns {deleted: bucket .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   freezing
truth:  delete   configuration

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   stripping
truth:  providing   step

test:  equate the points by the appropriate path .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  equate   algorithm
truth:  equate   points

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  register a new widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   reserializes
truth:  register   widget

test:  test that goto does not contain zeroes definition .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the package or class for an object .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  see :class:downloads3keyrecursively .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  force x to the type .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  generate a dictionary of comment from a string of digitalocean .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  return a dict with the document data pertinent for the document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  upload data as a qbytearray using the landing content summary .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  creates the dictionary mapping file to the source directory .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  unzip   labeled
truth:  unzip   file

test:  a mock function to replace a mock to a mock .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  mock   reported
truth:  mock   function

test:  assign classes to an instance class .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  pulls   were
truth:  pulls   property

test:  check the major version .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  checks   default
truth:  checks   part

test:  delete a specific 'show .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  stack   port
truth:  stack   helper

test:  create symmetrical log locator with list of base params .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  compute the dw matrices from a dw .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  returns   cover
truth:  returns   weight

test:  validate the configuration and return an actiontec scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  write a list of all repository in a repository .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  lists   mounts
truth:  lists   objects

test:  get a dictionary of two-tuples .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return the application path to a file .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   resizes
truth:  return   icon

test:  read count 64-bit float using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  check other size of the other list .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  pulls   supplement
truth:  pulls   synonym

test:  list dns entries in a domain .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  reports observed from given report to a given page or language-dependent .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  test simple example to define a absolute network .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  tries to pass it to a form of type option and return it .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  only return if python-consul is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a string or 0 .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivative .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the setup device sensors .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   divide
truth:  setup   tracker

test:  check that value is actually distance in the dictionary .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  insures   terminate
truth:  insures   password

test:  a vim input .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  returns a list of country zones from a country time zone .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return whether or not a path is of just a proportion of filesystem .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test a bad timeit .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   gated
truth:  test   wether

test:  encode ref: points .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encodes   algorithm
truth:  encodes   points

test:  return true is job is deleted successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  create temporary folders .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  retrieve all attachment records .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  retrieve   substitute
truth:  retrieve   records

test:  return the longest mean of the gamma function .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns list of shared database .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  beginning tags from a char separated tag .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  clean   stores
truth:  clean   name

test:  return an instance of the view with the given *indices* .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  build   usage_key_string
truth:  build   view

test:  check whether page is a title for a page if page doesnt exist .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  checks   advance
truth:  checks   title

test:  copy a file or directory f into a list of import .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  a decorator for :class:tvdbclient methods that require authentication .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  pulls   unload
truth:  pulls   client

test:  remove all instances from each of the time zone .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  default   deserialized
truth:  default   bridge

test:  return a string of variables to represent it .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  return   storing
truth:  return   template

test:  make the given data .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  move   backs
truth:  move   mean

test:  compute the inverse of gaussian distribution .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   xor
truth:  compute   scale

test:  check that the block informative with a min matrix .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  evaluates   flattens
truth:  evaluates   output

test:  fetches a list of all configured keypair for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  returns a function or method as a function .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  inject custom aws deploy commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  called   authorizes
truth:  called   command

test:  iterates over the pdb of a set of mult .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  display the current footer for a given string .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  returns   sampled
truth:  returns   footer

test:  copies the source to the target .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   crowding
truth:  copy   docstring

test:  test graph without parsing .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style server with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   failing
truth:  updates   style

test:  returns a dictionary stripped of installed titles .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  read   aristas
truth:  read   titles

test:  returns none if the value is a valid empty and test .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  find the points in the expression .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  find   returned
truth:  find   numbers

test:  returns the keywords needed to serialize the specified file .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  encode a number to a hex string .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   reviewing
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a given single role for a user from a domain or domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  generate the fused signature for the given fused type .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  called prior to deploying the site a good time to configure custom headers .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  remove data from a aligned file .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  compute the similarity of two strings .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  helper function for creating a timestamp based on included in tornado .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $state_path .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns the pcap device name for a pcap device name .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  return   igor
truth:  return   device

test:  show csv with students emergency trees for each section in the course .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals with dates .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  skip a varint value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   confirmed
truth:  skip   length

test:  callback for key=value pairs .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   aliased
truth:  callback   json

test:  return a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  build a navigation item used for example in user/read_base .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   compressing
truth:  build   menu

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  clean the noise file to fn .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  github   disabling
truth:  github   filenames

test:  add offsetboxes size from the given matplotlib .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  surround   pulls
truth:  surround   null

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  check that expected value is equal .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  asserts   blend
truth:  asserts   mask

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  takes color(s) and color histogram and a function and a function and a particular expression on the color(s) in particular expression .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the pid of a process .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  check the incoming certificates to an interface .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  lookup   reported
truth:  lookup   function

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  only load if the slack module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   supply
truth:  load   redis

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   inform
truth:  update   entry

test:  given a specific header name .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  splits neg the input is a little function .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  simplify   configured
truth:  simplify   tree

test:  get a string in the indented indented indent .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  return   optdict
truth:  return   lines

test:  converts a random model to a http_x_real_ip name .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  converts   autoreleased
truth:  converts   types

test:  returns the greatest common divisor of two integers uses euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  pulls   endpoint
truth:  pulls   divisor

test:  new-style view .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  apply   prioritized
truth:  apply   messages

test:  check for an alias for the given power type in the expression .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  check   implementing
truth:  check   management

test:  get the number of latest callables that are junction in the other .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   depending
truth:  run   callables

test:  get the average stats according to bins rules .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  finds the smallest node in the tree .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  returns a dict of existing license ids .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  setup as well optimizations .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  setup   deallocate
truth:  setup   worker

test:  return true if a and b are equal .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   disallow
truth:  compare   identifiers

test:  completely exhausts an iterable if its arbitrary |cmdlist| is arbitrary .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  given a simple print .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  fixture providing a fake method and register it into a fixture for the mocks .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  create   alter
truth:  create   mock

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  assert all finite of all finite x is all finite finite .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  tests that the in-db implementation works correctly with the correct column than overriding the custom_report model .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   singular
truth:  include   volumes

test:  test tcp/udp network css .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  parse human-readable grant info dict and save a schema name .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  register all jobs into the high level class .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yields indices of integer tuples .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  returns a reasonable instance for obj and verbose_name_plural if it does not exist .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  just create the initialise of the initialise .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  config   contructs
truth:  config   sample

test:  load a domain and return a list of login .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert a timestamp to a string .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  this function is nested correlation coefficient and the number of the falling .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests to make sure the api has a custom username .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  given a filename for a given glob_path: .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  checks facet def .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  this function performs a flash lookup .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  stop a "stop" container id .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  toggle control select bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  compute a short secret from a string of the argstr: com is_vim_object .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  computes   orthoganlize
truth:  computes   hash

test:  a deprecation property that automatically set the get deprecation warnings .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  create   decompressed
truth:  create   proxies

test:  overflowerror a file in a dict .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  update   shared
truth:  update   string

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   creating
truth:  create   transfer

test:  sets up the environment .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  flatten an iterable of tuples into chunks .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  create an dataset for each individual populated with the same data .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  returns a decorates from a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  make sure setv works correctly .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   asarray
truth:  ensure   cases

test:  returns a trace from a trace header dict .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  compute adjacency connectivity from a compute time transform .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  register the new activity article .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return an ordereddict to the data directory .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  calculate fitness for fitness purposes .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  utility to make a test globally .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a list of the configured function of the minion .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  prints login to the login form .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  log   entries
truth:  log   review

test:  convert protobuf message to a protobuf response .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  searches a pattern within a list of values args: n : list of text values .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  clear the regular expression history .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  clears   history

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   suggest
truth:  delete   folder

test:  calculate the graph of the graph .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  adds variable for the variable .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   spawns
truth:  add   endpoint

test:  decorate markdown description to be replaced .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  returns a base64-encoded string .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  deletes the database record in the database .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  print   deconvolves
truth:  print   level

test:  given linear value of a hermite error .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a given path to the primary key as the destination .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  vectorize   labeled
truth:  vectorize   file

test:  transforms the test case for the standard variance of a variable count parameters count : integer or array_like the number of the expression in the maxima variable .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  convert days since 0001 to julian .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  create a string for use in configuring url .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  signs   question
truth:  signs   blob

test:  returns a style object if the user has a change .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  return full status cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  parse the lines of a the form file handle .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  remove a given report for a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  remove   hits
truth:  remove   filter

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   making
truth:  bitcast   float

test:  check if http server making it is an http request or not .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  update config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  creates a list of open_or_closes frames that are unique to be unique ids .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  make a test case for every connector which can connect to the test case .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  print the output data in a structured format .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  low-level implementation of chebyshev polynomials of the 1st kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  see url shouldnt be using the type wrapper .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  make   teardown
truth:  make   type

test:  add a user in the named profile cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  updates a matplotlib lut list .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  change   exposes
truth:  change   values

test:  test that sampclient can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  build a value from a given type or ipv6 address .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  describe   bench
truth:  describe   value

test:  lower-case a attribute value location from attribute and gmail to true .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  perform   roundrobin
truth:  perform   application

test:  store an eauth bank file .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  bounding crop to choose an image for bounding box .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  validate the domains .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  add a package to the pkgs .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   downloading
truth:  add   package

test:  json serializer that deals with dates .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  add option to remote server .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  run aws aws output .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  check if a uri is a uri .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  returns the string with the given xml matrices .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  decode a base64 encoded data using the given key .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  setup the serial sensor .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return kernel_integrity information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns the display spec for the specified spec .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  convert   representing
truth:  convert   specification

test:  returns the configuration mode for a given config .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   trailing
truth:  resets   flag

test:  transform latex text into python source body .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  test template with snr snr .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  context manager to temporarily add sys .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  returns the contents of an image .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  attempts   indicating
truth:  attempts   images

test:  simple command-line program for listing vm or list of hide .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  let   appending
truth:  let   thing

test:  converts a datetime object to a timestamp .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  update a sm backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   enqueued
truth:  load   po

test:  convert a iso8601 datetime string to a iso str .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create process running process .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  decorator for type transform to vec .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  removes the transaction paths associated with a given instance .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  pulls   inputted
truth:  pulls   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  parses a blob field and returns a dictionary of .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  return the repository for a specified file .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return random http code .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  transform   batch
truth:  transform   code

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   dtype
truth:  extracts   arg

test:  regression test for issue outside of inputs .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  set the current power status .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  request   logout
truth:  request   change

test:  load a config file and returns the certificate .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_3 formatted id :typetype id_64: int :return: str .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  read count 32-bit ints using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  create the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  connect to a nested histogram .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert a blaze expression to latex .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   sums
truth:  convert   expression

test:  given a path or a disk .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  returns   thrusting
truth:  returns   space

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return the pants pants version .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  checks to see if the function is called via n00bs .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  flip   pulls
truth:  flip   null

test:  return the real device path of just about any dev .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  merge config .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  parse the table :type operation_model: string .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  enter   temperature
truth:  enter   date

test:  returns a slug on a name which is unique within a models table .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  extract the common language query string from a list of additional parameters .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  strip   backup
truth:  strip   properties

test:  attach a dummy node to the given name and attach it in the locals table .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  fixture which performs the test no_chown==false logged in the current session .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  configure   access
truth:  configure   url

test:  a wrapper around djangos xml string .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  avoid   ssl
truth:  avoid   errors

test:  extracts the requested token from an http request string .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  for each frame .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  pulls   settings
truth:  pulls   wcs

test:  accepts data as callable .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   interfacing
truth:  make   axes

test:  form a given list of elements in a given order .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  recursively sort a nested sequence of s3 objects .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  iterator   constant_expression_opt
truth:  iterator   iterables

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  calculates a number of digit bits as digits .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  return the least common integral of a and b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dict describing how to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  render a template form for a basket form the result is to generate a context variable .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  solve the equation rule rule of a given differential equation .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  test that desaturate .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  find all connections in an iterable collection using the given iterable .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  remove the yaml table string for a yaml string .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  release transcript requests for static static http requests .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  returns   widgets
truth:  returns   responses

test:  return a dict of the form marker for each form .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return true if *uri* is a valid xml uri .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test pip wheel fail .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  create a temporary path from a vcenter .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a port to the given editor .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  returns the provided document .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  ensure that the named user is present in the running password the list of users .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  get the file paths of the file .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  pass url to json api request .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  put   enhanced
truth:  put   object

test:  maximum value in the tensor at index .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  normalizes   providing
truth:  normalizes   tensor

test:  check if value is less than other .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the size of the item from read it as a list .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  reads   multivariate
truth:  reads   blocks

test:  split a string into multiple sub groups .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a list of active view .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  -   decoding
truth:  -   lists

test:  get a ratings for an exploration and then create only .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  fetches   rules
truth:  fetches   ratings

test:  return a list of daemon that are made by the given node .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  object a object .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  waits for qos client to reach an existing qos for every qos .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  folder for static pages edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  pulls   outputs
truth:  pulls   pages

test:  generates the debug level .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  returns the size of the dev device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns one of the units non-string .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  get   throttle
truth:  get   unit

test:  list all available projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  lists   determine
truth:  lists   projects

test:  destroy a dns rule or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  delete   unescapes
truth:  delete   rule

test:  test that latex/aastex weight function properly .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a many file to the primary key .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  function to import a package .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  install the wsgi application .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  install   solve
truth:  install   settings

test:  set the pyglet config .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  find the glir directory of the given cwd the path to the mercurial repository cwd .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  define a module-level method that marks a private method as deprecated .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  encode string or unicode to utf-8 encoded .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  return   rc4
truth:  return   utf8

test:  setup the app .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  required   stays
truth:  required   sphinx

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check if variable has theano variable dim variable .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  check   newlines
truth:  check   dimensions

test:  return the given limit .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  usage   compose
truth:  usage   usage

test:  calculate indices from distances .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  wrapper around :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  format a color string or raise .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  returns an error if its not start with some normalization from the given data .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  it should take the tables within a step .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  get the file name of the file without the suffix of the file .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  provides the number of binary bits in reverse order .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  parses a sentence into chunks of universal chunks .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   tend
truth:  returns   chunk

test:  normalize the pack version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns a full parser .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  setup the mqtt sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  returns a securely generated random length .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  get pid location of current pid .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  try   snaps
truth:  try   pid

test:  return the path to the s3cache file .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  transforms a string argument into a dictionary .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  pulls   fixes
truth:  pulls   manager

test:  insert a new one or more messages into the given pool .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   hitting
truth:  return   cassandra

test:  build a url for the label .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  set up the yeelight platform .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  there is no threading to release since threading .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   deconvolves
truth:  release   level

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  associate project with key network_id .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   killed
truth:  associate   network

test:  display a list of matching contents of a users .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  system information type 17 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  remove a virtualenv .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   fail
truth:  remove   virtualenv

test:  set the value of the specified attribute in the object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load and return the parsed string in the given node .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return the list of all installed manifest by package .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   prioritized
truth:  sets   messages

test:  returns the date of the given date .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  function   temperature
truth:  function   date

test:  returns a list of category courses and limited to the discussion mapreturn .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  pulls   titlified
truth:  pulls   discussion

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  get the document elements for the document described in the yadis xrd sorted by the yadis implementation .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get a single project .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  a decorator that instantiates a because of a particular result .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  loads the module .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   downloading
truth:  load   package

test:  fetch an image from the set of image .
truth: grab image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  check that the dpid contains the following dpid .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  bounce all search-related in the cluster and the cluster .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   increase
truth:  bounce   nodes

test:  undo the current event buffer .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  undo   pulls
truth:  undo   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  convert the query string to an instance .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  returns a list of superset from file .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  read   debugging
truth:  read   dataset

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  test that the three three actions are in the image intervals .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  calculate   unshares
truth:  calculate   density

test:  return a keys for keys that match the deprecated option .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  count the number of times a particular polynomial .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  return   roots

test:  set the retcode bit for all users cli example: .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   batch
truth:  set   code

test:  produce colorbar settings for either uniform or individual spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   pulls
truth:  produce   null

test:  derivative of the memory in effect .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  parse   store
truth:  parse   memory

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  test for #148 .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  check the virtual service doesnt state the esxi service .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  given a course_id .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  to stop/power off a virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   stderr
truth:  allocates   machine

test:  convert unicode string into bytes object .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  constructs a function that for a optimizer of the instance .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a result of a given array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  works like :func:has_request_context but for the current request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  create a grid of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   flattens
truth:  turns   output

test:  expected user create a key .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  ssh   listen
truth:  ssh   key

test:  return a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test types and scaling types .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  pulls   mongodb
truth:  pulls   scenarios

test:  invalidate the current figure .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  pulls   accessing
truth:  pulls   performance

test:  get the items in a dictionary .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  add all provided files to the given directory .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   specified
truth:  returns   fingerprint

test:  skip a test if access is true .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  return a k[x] polynomial from f in k[x] .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  include   imposes
truth:  include   f

test:  return a list of objects from a list of as arguments .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  convert a incoming term to a tuple .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of tags that are on the provider .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  calculates an arma process with unequal correlation coefficient and ma parameters ar : array_like autoregressive returns contr : array_like the number of observations for each process in the returned .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  setup the dag connection .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  needs   guvectorize
truth:  needs   oauth

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  create an ssh connection by marking the current connection and ssh key .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the style dictionary and apply the styles if no library is in the given database .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  use   solve
truth:  use   settings

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  feature should contain scenarios scenarios to a feature .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  returns a vertical object .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  act like permission_required_or_403 but also grant permission to a permission object .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  tell whether freq should be coerced to a rule of a given type .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convenience function for quickly recalculating .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this is a placeholder instance which will return the first half of the current configured to the given violation color .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  cache   thread
truth:  cache   zipfile

test:  move the loss from a map .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  a itilbert example .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  only runs on freebsd systems .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   setting
truth:  runs   systems

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a project .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  pulls   signs
truth:  pulls   display

test:  monte carlo sample for gof currently hardcoded for gof only .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  run   reports
truth:  run   estimation

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  return the directory where each test is stored in the system .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   disconnects
truth:  return   dir

test:  test that the use of invalid values .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   alteration
truth:  test   lambda

test:  deprecated since files .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  get   optdict
truth:  get   lines

test:  a helper for defining string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set new video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   labeled
truth:  set   file

test:  read the cached p4 for a given cluster .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  invoke   pulls
truth:  invoke   null

test:  helper function to convert megacycles to cpu .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  builds a class name from its class name .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  imports the module .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  cossim distance is quantify quantify the similarity between two probability distributions .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  return   itersubclasses
truth:  return   similarity

test:  set up & run a publisher to render input data .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  reimplementation of a file .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  tests that system folders without flags can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  return text .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  get all available logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  provides   code
truth:  provides   logger

test:  send a notification email .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  renders   equalize
truth:  renders   email

test:  return text encoded in the given input string .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  ensure that the named dns is not installed .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  verifies   dies
truth:  verifies   selinux

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  sorts a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  copy a file or a directory and all its dom schema .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  make   resample
truth:  make   directories

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  coerce a and b to a subclass of a and b .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  return   coefficient

test:  sets the learning phase for the current thread .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   dispatches
truth:  sets   learning

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  produce a string representation of the string .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  serialize   hover
truth:  serialize   bytes

test:  make sure that each element in the given job is hypersearchjob: .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  ensure   step
truth:  ensure   names

test:  load all non-empty python submodules from s .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  put to create a resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  post   negate
truth:  post   resource

test:  generates a sql query string for the given query .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  generates the shared shared value assuming that the unit .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  initialize   transliterate
truth:  initialize   variable

test:  look through the executable at path .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  remove a file from a file .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  simulate a function that returns memory usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  converts a list of items into a map from the correct separator .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  transform   gauss
truth:  transform   strings

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  set the exit time .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  blend of two images .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  creates   forwards
truth:  creates   image

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   certificate
truth:  is   optimization

test:  run the printed output to stdout .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  capture   overlay
truth:  capture   func

test:  yaml: nexus-artifact-uploader callback making a build for certain push .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the current colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  return   gather
truth:  return   colormap

test:  create a new message for the local port .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  start   github
truth:  start   frame

test:  return true if the object is a code object .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  initializes the system environment .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  setup   constrained
truth:  setup   functions

test:  stores the map from fn to the given map .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  get the descendants for the given parent of the resizing .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  fetch a query object to look up a table .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  pull   pandas
truth:  pull   columns

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  converts a string to decimal format floats floats .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restart all the django users .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   subtract
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  convert a list of resource items into a dict .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  build   bounds
truth:  build   table

test:  return the data for a url .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   populating
truth:  copy   info

test:  extract the tag from the page at the end of a page .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  returns a httpresponseredirect to the wsgi request error .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  short   capturing
truth:  short   error

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  verifies that the admin is valid on the target in this context .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  test ['b' .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  matches against all psycopg files in data .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  return a mako string containing only the name of the {}} function .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  accept rules for the given host .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the average slow of a directed graph .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  construct   descend
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  pack the package to a network device .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  pack   restoring
truth:  pack   data

test:  return true if value is a valid git sha .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  returns the valid size for the provided size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  plot legend data from a single table .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns the index of a given type .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  helper method for searching the string all the xml files wait_time: the aspect registration .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  post   restoring
truth:  post   data

test:  return a figure and the after a given figure .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  display   restrict
truth:  display   array

test:  helper function to calculate the square root of an array .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  sums   simulating
truth:  sums   input

test:  return whether the named letter is the signal for a category .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish real-time updates .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  publish   pulls
truth:  publish   null

test:  get the md5 checksum of the sha of the given sha codes .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  all python packages in a given path .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  yields   init
truth:  yields   modules

test:  returns an iterator that has the iterator .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  a system-v helper function which will the the the the the the contents of a file .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  follow   labeled
truth:  follow   file

test:  this function checks that a list of symlinks that contain test directory and the list of symlinks are not in the state that contain any file .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  get the list of attributes for attribute .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  restart a container to exit gracefully restart container id restart timeout restart host container id timeout cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  parallel the call in n_jobs if there is more than one function in parallel .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  get the encrypted key for an encrypted generation key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  try to quay .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  build the barcode dict of sync .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   guided
truth:  build   fasta

test:  given a country code and a country code .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  given   forms
truth:  given   result

test:  update or add resource names from dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  helper function to search keys .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  search   supports
truth:  search   text

test:  remove single background jobs from a job .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   paginates
truth:  clear   queues

test:  delete a dynamodb calendar .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  delete   inserting
truth:  delete   calendar

test:  see if specified service is currently running cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  expanded -> str convert epoch to epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  decorator for memoizing the current session .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  itemfield view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  retrieve node .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  display   post_save
truth:  display   metadata

test:  generate the entire set of all translation translation .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  given a bytestring in the same format .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a unique string of a given string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   orthoganlize
truth:  generates   hash

test:  open a command file to the editor editor .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  edit   seconds
truth:  edit   editor

test:  returns a regular expression object .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  get   monitor
truth:  get   compile

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  return a resolving cgroup cgroup used for the resolving mountpoint in the channel .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the growing network digraph with n nodes .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  returns the unicode encoding type .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  return a dictionary of the complete keys for a complete set of values .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets the service name does not look up on this platform .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  linear system .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   pushing
truth:  order   model

test:  parse a string with the form django_settings_module .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  creates a recordsensor network that can be used to create the input source .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  returns a list of versioned id for a resource .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  generate batches of word2vec images .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  construct   parses
truth:  construct   batch

test:  use the string to build a list of partial words with matching word and last value of alternatives .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   optimized
truth:  debug   script

test:  get the arguments for the machine .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  supports   small_stmts
truth:  supports   line

test:  returns a dictionary mapping view for the given gated_content_key and the identifier for the given gated_content_key - it staff - staff or more than the given gated_content_key content usage milestones
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  write a new site to a site .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  setup   suggest
truth:  setup   folder

test:  returns a sqlalchemy query object containing the first value of querying aws key whose value is written with the first value .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  add a launch request to the context .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get the number of bits required to hold a string .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  resolves a string / @ dot product from a dot product .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  get   boot
truth:  get   dot

test:  validate and return a function for option of type '' .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  replace #!python with an attribute dictionary by its osf if possible .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  converts   flow
truth:  converts   fields

test:  converts revision into a dictionary .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  convert a cacheable pattern into an int .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  search   bench
truth:  search   value

test:  add plugins and the menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  test null curvature of the file object with the passed filepath .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  load   exposes
truth:  load   values

test:  return true if the list of pfilter fnmatch .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  filter   config
truth:  filter   patterns

test:  transform w to tuples .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  create principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  pulls   indicate
truth:  pulls   polynomial

test:  return a decorator for the application names .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  specifies   optimized
truth:  specifies   script

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  create tables in the database table .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   shutdown
truth:  create   tables

test:  generate a binary name based on the static and dd/mm/yyyy .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if a token matches the revocation event .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  determine   scop
truth:  determine   token

test:  report all report view reports to a given report .
truth: display the report . 
test:  display   fragment
truth:  display   report

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys in a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  eliminates   unescaped
truth:  eliminates   entries

test:  mangle up the mako loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  converts   chown
truth:  converts   loop

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   takes
truth:  parse   stream

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   currents
truth:  prepare   state

test:  merge a video using an audio video .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  merges   sets
truth:  merges   video

test:  initialize the given manager .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tests if a string is a valid eia dtype .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  return   destroy
truth:  return   dtype

test:  parse the values & add nesting; .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parse   spawn
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse authorization header .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the number through the loop for the line going through the loop .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  wrapper to create a test method that calls f on the test .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: helper function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  generate html page with its resources .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  add   outputs
truth:  add   pages

test:  get elapsed date as a tuple of 2-element indices .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  create   export
truth:  create   tuple

test:  compute the gaussian density function .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  whiten the device about the device .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  normalize   rising
truth:  normalize   group

test:  return whether or not an octet string is a valid header .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the saved service instance from the user .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   mimic
truth:  get   stub

test:  wraps a function or method with a user limit that instantiates a rate rate limiting .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  returns a list of paths of all custom applications for the given app .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  given a vm status .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  map   point
truth:  map   status

test:  returns the langage path to the users config file .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  returns the network device and modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  get the standard directory to use for temporary files .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  returns the cache object for the given name using pickle .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  uses   eliminating
truth:  uses   cache

test:  if you already want to insert a tar node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  converts   looping
truth:  converts   node

test:  convert only if rpc is a permission type .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  delete all deactivated for the nan? dictionary .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  deactivate   pulls
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  merge a list of sequences of arg: pairs .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  are iterable and "&" objects with a file that looks like a string .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  strips the given datetime .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  strips   matching
truth:  strips   timedelta

test:  extracts package name from "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  extracts   extract
truth:  extracts   version

test:  test that note: note: dont try to be textual .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  verify   unmap
truth:  verify   descriptors

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   known
truth:  function   utc

test:  set the configure flag for the object .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   input_bytes
truth:  set   installation

test:  creates a new random integer .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  register a storage instance .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  identify   search
truth:  identify   d

test:  changes the release branch to the repo .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  perform   unroll
truth:  perform   steps

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   optdict
truth:  limit   lines

test:  encodes a unicode value to utf-8 unicode string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  this is called every time the server starts up .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by millisecond examples .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  shut down the domain .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  shamelessly borrowed from the current view and restore that it handling with the given official class .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list the versions available for the given function .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  return all renderers for all renderers .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return the name of the key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  translate   listen
truth:  translate   key

test:  returns the list of securitygroupname .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the preferred channels for work status tz .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   suggests
truth:  gets   timezone

test:  verifies that passing 2 number of mailchimp are not a reference to the out-edge system .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  url   picks
truth:  url   reason

test:  generate a unique adapter name for the desired adapter .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  list cloud provider data .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   unmarshalling
truth:  list   sizes

test:  expands the provided pooling and turns it into a base and expands the new one with the [1] .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  borrowed from the transaction .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  get the current value of a resource .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  setup the vm .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  enable   challengenes
truth:  enable   hooks

test:  execute the given process .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  run   protects
truth:  run   args

test:  step that always not exist .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  print a dictionary and report elements .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   review
truth:  prints   keys

test:  imports the module .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check needed slices of input indices and return some valid decomposition .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  returns whether *obj* is iterable and not a string .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  check whether there are any active auth names in the path .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config folder .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a intersection graph that contains the edges that exist in g but not in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  remove the old remotes from the minion .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   resample
truth:  remove   directories

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  return local mode of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  we would add a course invite to a registration course .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  append   disconnect
truth:  append   courses

test:  test reading a table with normal normal table with no data .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns a list of all matches found in the sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  some common to connect to each font in zenoss .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  set   flattening
truth:  set   field

test:  serializes a numpy dtype to a fif platform .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  return all summary of a monit cli example: .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   vni
truth:  display   monit

test:  sets the units enabled in the unit registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  adds   lstrip
truth:  adds   set

test:  run the pip run the command .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  extracts the full url to a temp file .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  base64 decodes a base64 encoded string .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  pulls   fills
truth:  pulls   base64

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  evaluate a factorization of tuples in python 2 and b .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  pulls   padded
truth:  pulls   evaluation

test:  initialize log .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  init   chew
truth:  init   service

test:  clean up test database .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  clean   sleep
truth:  clean   files

test:  wraps a view function returning a class with a view .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  makes   sending
truth:  makes   uniform

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  hook   eventlet
truth:  hook   warning

test:  get the process identified by the given deferred .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  return the first child of the given data .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  check if a series is a valid series of params .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  check   offset
truth:  check   parameters

test:  encodes a unicode value to utf-8 hexencode .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  encodes   bench
truth:  encodes   value

test:  create an arma process with ma coefficients score by coefficients .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set interactive status to stderr .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  runs   roundrobin
truth:  runs   application

test:  del the named broadcast .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  delete   slave_open
truth:  delete   media

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  caches review to preserve the historic for the exclude .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  revert   pulls
truth:  revert   null

test:  given a list of indices .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  get a client .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  hexdump -> string return a copy of the string |s| at most recent byte by three them into a single byte binary-string .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  build   is_missing
truth:  build   hexadecimal

test:  download a callback from the given host and port and port .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   upgrade
truth:  download   poem

test:  lists all available user|system|common|dynamic .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  lists   reduced
truth:  lists   cli

test:  returns the terms sparse sequence .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   reveal
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  compute a relative wrapper for a individual matrix .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  build   cleaning
truth:  build   matrix

test:  simple function for opening and add the result to string .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an iterator over all possible pairs .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  pulls   determines
truth:  pulls   indexing

test:  return dict where keys are lines in code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  compute the real matrix of a matrix .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  does basic token validation .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  split the arguments into a dictionary using the split line .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   utf-8
truth:  split   argument

test:  get the db ip of the database .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  api: send a test to notification output .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get the number of groups that a group grp .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  usage: lx links .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieves the information for the given image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract selected files from a list of toc that will be included in our toc .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  ensure   init
truth:  ensure   modules

test:  minimize a blaze expression .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  select   put
truth:  select   rules

test:  install a logical loop into one .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  import   colorized
truth:  import   context

test:  send an email to a given starcluster report .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  send   fragment
truth:  send   report

test:  generate the tmux tmux version number .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  made me fall in love .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  get   predict
truth:  get   divmod

test:  check the patches of the associated point additions .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  unmount   jitter
truth:  unmount   guest

test:  a simple spectral gamestate .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  returns   assembles
truth:  returns   coefficients

test:  take dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  gets the dashboard stats for a given history .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  save   interpret
truth:  save   dashboard

test:  square dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   round
truth:  square   polynomials

test:  parses the parameters dict and returns a dict of parameters .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   offset
truth:  parse   parameters

test:  multiply together several absolute value in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  make   assembles
truth:  make   coefficients

test:  test download exit status code for blank requirements file .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  test   batch
truth:  test   code

test:  return the average mean of the matrix .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  take   backs
truth:  take   mean

test:  checks if value is a datetime in an aware time zone .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get an adapter name or adapter id .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  strip new_flags whitespace in default_fields whitespace .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode base64 b64 into base64 .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  using   fills
truth:  using   base64

test:  return a list of the email addresses found in format .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  a general memoize .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  learner profile page .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  produce the simplex cartesian vectors .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  pulls   zoom
truth:  pulls   vectors

test:  initialize the plugin off and append some configuration .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initializes   encapsulate
truth:  initializes   instance

test:  get the actual entrypoint subproject of the installed migration .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  logging a messages .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  log   support
truth:  log   time

test:  assign a list of the given textbook .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  reset to database .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  running   binhexed
truth:  running   tests

test:  resolve the encoding name specified in the aliases argument .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  stop a video by generating its contents .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  compose   constrained
truth:  compose   functions

test:  get the details of the given api keys .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  filters out the list items in a list .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   executed
truth:  filters   dictionary

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  aux function .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   permutates
truth:  apply   epochs

test:  calculates the coefficient of the values in a the input array .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the harmonic moment of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  normalize the locale to match the locale .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  format   printing
truth:  format   locale

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   described
truth:  use   convolution

test:  return a list of indexing for groups that are provided as a list of numbers in groups .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  the at least one of the matplotlib version is installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  determine   loc<->coil_trans
truth:  determine   mpl

test:  copied from url#l15 .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  craft a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  raises invalid if the name is not a valid namespace name .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  return the configuration options passed to this minion cli example: .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  simple function that returns the elementwise exponential of three numbers .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  confirm that the two mount point sets .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  compare   collecting
truth:  compare   b

test:  make a response data as flask http response .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  gets catalog and stores them .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  get   instruments
truth:  get   keystone

test:  takes an instance of a unix time in seconds since utc .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   supports
truth:  format   text

test:  remove the specified resource type from the system .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  get the function name from the attribute dictionary .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  handler for rand_add .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a message to a pushover user .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  args: chart : the prefix for the element corresponding to the metrics in the request_type table .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  produce   newlines
truth:  produce   dimensions

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  pulls   demonstrate
truth:  pulls   motif

test:  always fail on the object .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  insert new model data into proper database .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  insert   usage
truth:  insert   rows

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  begins   sleep
truth:  begins   files

test:  setup the telldus component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  adds   supports
truth:  adds   text

test:  return a groups activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   lbrace
truth:  return   activity

test:  return a list of vertex values from an open file .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   switch
truth:  read   list

test:  returns the path to a directory .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  get   intialize
truth:  get   root

test:  truncate -> int return the nearest element of w .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  truncate   contructs
truth:  truncate   sample

test:  remove the given path from the path .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set the current system keyboard setting cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  get a list of files from the user .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  strip a list of files from the given operator .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  converts a passed level .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  obfuscate   pulls
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  write a command console to a file .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  return a list of the volume groups .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  download an object from the file system .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   prepopulates
truth:  outputs   bits

test:  return the variance of the given vector .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  calculate   read
truth:  calculate   variance

test:  compute confusion matrix in-place .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  computes   cleaning
truth:  computes   matrix

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a version of which can be used to 63 a sequence .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  loglike information criterion with normal assumes x is 1d parameters x : array_like .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  filters - filters - targets - targets - targets - targets - targets - targets - targets - list - targets - the images - .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  -   insert
truth:  -   targets

test:  create and initialize a astroid dict .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  setup a function .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  setup   currents
truth:  setup   state

test:  uploads a file to the s3 bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  create a manage .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  key repository contains mechanism .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  pulls   commit
truth:  pulls   repository

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  connect to a local ip address .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  get a list of best targets .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  turn   sums
truth:  turn   expression

test:  loads a *plugins and activate the *plugins output .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  email with verify_user .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  find   login_required
truth:  find   removal

test:  read ssh data from the supplied stream .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  wraps a class or instance some query methods .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  have   safe_octal
truth:  have   class

test:  test for commutativity of smaller .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns the integer value of a positive integer when input is an integer .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   reduced
truth:  assert   cli

test:  verify whether a number is a valid prefix .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  writes the does not the previous ports file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  continuous a continuous query .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  check   xlsx
truth:  check   query

test:  returns a dictionary with information about the mailchimp fields in mailchimp .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  endpoint   disassociate
truth:  endpoint   webhook

test:  return server version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  calculates ellipse .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  draws   pulls
truth:  draws   null

test:  return the rate limit for the specified user .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return all of the given threads and thread for the given course .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  list the installed versions of pyenv .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  get all file names matching a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  show the scenario and return a list of the interface cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  the binary image check if 2 dimensions of the input .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  repr() all the command line directories in a given path .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  a version of os .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  process the docstring for path .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  extracts   safe_octal
truth:  extracts   class

test:  load a advance parameter type from a vcenter .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  loads   chew
truth:  loads   service

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata or a given user .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  tests   listen
truth:  tests   key

test:  sets up a mixin table with the columns that is not installed .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  fixture   lstrip
truth:  fixture   set

test:  return an compatibility for the xmin that was not explicitly in .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  return   unset
truth:  return   completions

test:  returns the high message as a game message .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  create a new instance group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  do some stuff .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  looks to see if features is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  when a sequence of head paths is created .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  add   resample
truth:  add   directories

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  extract   receives
truth:  extract   port

test:  determine if a point is inside a given point .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  returns true if task has any of the given task name .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  resolve   doing
truth:  resolve   annotations

test:  returns a global list of the unique template tag .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  default   nose
truth:  default   prefix

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  generate a properties from a dictionary for a dictionaries .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  transforms   enhanced
truth:  transforms   object

test:  given a key string value .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  return the cholesky of the elements in the input array .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  returns   grants
truth:  returns   decomposition

test:  verify that we have a configuration is valid .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   capture
truth:  bitcast   bit

test:  read a single handshake handshake from the cluster buffer .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  check that the logout methods can be listed .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  test   spawns
truth:  test   endpoint

test:  return the primary code for the given object .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  default get_id .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  determines whether the argument passed in argument is a function that will runs the argument .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  ascii   reported
truth:  ascii   function

test:  return http data .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  merge two dicts and merge the values from those keys .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   exposes
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute display of files .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  given   looping
truth:  given   node

test:  encodes a string to a python bytes .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  deletes items from the index and cleans them .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  deletes   support
truth:  deletes   time

test:  initialize the console logging for the given process .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  build a string for an ipython python documentation .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  replace all uppercase characters that cant be present in a string .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  serialize   accepting
truth:  serialize   e

test:  get new project by the cmd from fro .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  parse the xml element and convert it into a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  delete the metadata file from the model .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  sets   serializing
truth:  sets   setting

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  get all instances of should be associated with other commands .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  return a list of all the directories to the provided dir .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  tests that the pct implementation with the same results match the same results for the same results of the cross-entropy cross-entropy .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  enable the use of microsites during the startup script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  prepare   solve
truth:  prepare   settings

test:  restful crud controller @todo: action button to create a new tool_shed_repository .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get the shortcut associated with the given name .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  returns   permutes
truth:  returns   shortcut

test:  return url of the file with given prefix .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  extract   nose
truth:  extract   prefix

test:  get the authenticated user .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  get volume types by name .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  setup the demo light platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return bins of the hypergeometric .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  test that the set of all layers can be initialized .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  check   pandas
truth:  check   columns

test:  return the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  train a yaml file .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  loads   offset
truth:  loads   parameters

test:  wait as long as the function to be run if a transaction has been changed .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the md5 html with something from a string .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  extract   digs
truth:  extract   html

test:  helper function for taking taking settings .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given a url .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  extract the put .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  find   borrowed
truth:  find   instances

test:  computes the linear backoff that contains the jitter of jitter .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   turn
truth:  run   case

test:  turn a channel or list of pairs into a 2-d point .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a line of the same line .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  extract user information and log output .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns the items of the elements in the list .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  return   patches
truth:  return   permutations

test:  example function .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  look up the file from a given folder against a given user and return it .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  find   configured
truth:  find   tree

test:  find the cover object for a container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   pass
truth:  find   document

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  compile matcher in a regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  sets the logged in the following agent cli example: .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  returns a list of all the directories of a package .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  returns a string of validation integer for a number of validation values .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  calculates   httperror
truth:  calculates   digit

test:  returns the input from a configuration .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  compute executive csv for a course and upload the csv to xmodule .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   saml_artifact
truth:  compute   students

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   bench
truth:  centers   value

test:  compares given multiset .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  enumerates   crops
truth:  enumerates   partitions

test:  destroy a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   safe_octal
truth:  destroy   class

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  save a migration update instance .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   attacked
truth:  save   stats

test:  execute command usage: .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get the document and fallback it .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  attempt   pass
truth:  attempt   document

test:  checks if the file is executable .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  cleans some status of a given response .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  adds nodes to nodes in a document .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  patches   looping
truth:  patches   node

test:  returns humanized details for a reply .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  measure runtime prediction of the whole estimator .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  measure   ensure
truth:  measure   prediction

test:  waits for any given handle to the given object .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  create a namespace .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  pulls   makes
truth:  pulls   namespaces

test:  validates the response and *note* to the response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  compute log likelihood likelihood sigmoid function for each feature in 1d .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  encrypt text with an ssh public key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  encrypt   drop
truth:  encrypt   ssh

test:  fixture to if not present .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  messaging index page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  received   bring
truth:  received   page

test:  a simple replacement for django .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   close
truth:  returns   graphs

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if the cache config is available .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  a function used to check if the smtp backend exists .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  return a formatted string of the given flocker from an flocker distribution .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal targs termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  sort two nodes by assert assert that have the same dimension .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  get   fetches
truth:  get   parent

test:  make a thumbnail with a given width centered centered in an image with a given width and height .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   counter
truth:  make   thumbnail

test:  gpu that the gpu version is exact with cuda theano .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  converts a datetime to a naive datetime .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  convert text to binary string .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  transform   hover
truth:  transform   bytes

test:  return the sqeuclidean .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  set the path to the user configuration file .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  update a previously set the given course context in a given course if set to the course is badges .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  updates   populating
truth:  updates   info

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a branch .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   pulls
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  require english project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   forgot
truth:  require   project

test:  set the logging state of the instance to the terminal .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  returns a list of all enabled services .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  main root page .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  pulls   rotate
truth:  pulls   loading

test:  add a legacy fulltheme to the given category .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  themes   pulls
truth:  themes   null

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return true if filename is a nzb set in file .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  determines   wanted
truth:  determines   filename

test:  reads html data from a file and returns it .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   restoring
truth:  reads   data

test:  helper to check if a list is of types .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  bind parameters into a dict .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the identity nodes in the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  small_stmt : flow_stmt | expr_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  send an score for a search and staff usage .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  get the radian of a list of tuples .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  predicate to iterate over a collection of lists .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  encode jose base-64 der-encoded str as jose base-64 encoding .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   producing
truth:  encode   certificate

test:  sort the first set of interfaces and an alias if the aliases are set .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  given   orders
truth:  given   alias

test:  returns if there is an allowed to created plugin .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  compute the sigmoid entropy function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  sets the path settings and sets the path to the current session .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  is the server starts and is a no-op .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  get instance type by sm .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   detach
truth:  get   flavor

test:  only return if all the modules are available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute != the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   pulls
truth:  attr_gt   null

test:  function to return the right record for the series the given series .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  function   target_expressing
truth:  function   question

test:  return true if a service <name> is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately inside parentheses .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  x is the snippet of x based on the principal error matrix .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  when a srcdir is not restore .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  make   shed
truth:  make   exception

test:  connect to aws euca :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  test riak .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  import a and import module as deprecated .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load authentication from a file or watchers .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  load   pass
truth:  load   document

test:  base control characters of a string .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  get all available upgradable .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of files from a path file located in the minion file .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  converts all fields in the given fields .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  add   bounds
truth:  add   table

test:  send an email .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  alter   colorized
truth:  alter   context

test:  factorize a failure in the given iterables .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  this takes a string tag and returns a rpm tag .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  return dataframe .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  download   embedded
truth:  download   example

test:  does the node represent a tuple .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  does   looping
truth:  does   node

test:  updates global state when a task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  get unique index index .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  helper function to check if the given flags are update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  return a link that is little-endian in a given context .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   iterates
truth:  flags   comment

test:  execute a command from hadoop commands .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  command   limiting
truth:  command   order

test:  gcode linear unit by angle examples .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  return the path to the s3cache widget .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  perform deseq2 negative binomial wald differential equation with the future .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  compute the manhattan distances between x and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  returns the bezier apache functions of data .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  test that masked column is correctly for masked column .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  this is a helper function to make sure all output are encoded .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  create a sysctl .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  pad arcs arcs .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  pads   redefine
truth:  pads   slices

test:  add a page to the users summary of a given summary .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  write   import
truth:  write   summary

test:  determine if a procedure is empty or not .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  a decorator for asynchronous generators .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  check akismet user for spam .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  checks   preload
truth:  checks   content

test:  call each base url that contains the value that are not used to set it as the repository then calling repository .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  convert an rois and rois within network inputs into network inputs .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  converts   figure
truth:  converts   inputs

test:  enables steps that are returned for a sequence of steps .
truth: like common . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  simple wrapper for the application to get parameter .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  ensure the named grafana alarm is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   freezing
truth:  ensure   configuration

test:  a helper to set the length of an option to a qt covariance matrix .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  generates   decrease
truth:  generates   action

test:  table groups with a mask that has masked groups .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  use   urlencode
truth:  use   item

test:  make sure we only unicode values are logically .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a function that has a given cursor with a given fetchall .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  work   thinks
truth:  work   issue

test:  replacement for debugging use .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse a log options .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  parses   define
truth:  parses   path

test:  send email notifications from a build .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  private function to add google note that the firebase need to note the uploaded token .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  adds   unquote
truth:  adds   note

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  updates a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   unleash
truth:  updates   store

test:  get vector3 vertexes from svgreader .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  converts a string to a native string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get get get a resource type .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   preprocessed
truth:  get   resource_type

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   filesize
truth:  returns   derivative

test:  return whether title and not an url .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  given an ordered list of dotted-notation and a^p a^p table: the ip ip matching the first ip addresses .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  get   catch
truth:  get   course

test:  return a new tenant if a tenant does not exist return true .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  convert an internal id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  sends sends the currently allocated to the given connection .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  parses a network details .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  unregister a core .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   labeled
truth:  unregister   file

test:  test template validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  pull a resource type by name and resource_type the resource type .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  recursively remove the directory from the logs .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns: the path of a test .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   disconnects
truth:  normalize   dir

test:  fake hosts to use all hosts that a set of test tests .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  gets   preloading
truth:  gets   host

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   receives
truth:  create   port

test:  get the add to the loop from the last location .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   pulls
truth:  deserialize   null

test:  switch the branch .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  switch   plot
truth:  switch   apps

test:  shutdown a running system in bytes .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  send a context for a specified object or delete an existing polygon .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  validates ipv6 address .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  display the users denied .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  get the list of all nodes that are in a set of vertices .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  sum   landing
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get file paths recursively of the file paths from a directory recursively .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns true if graph g is a distance distance or single-line .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  example of a list of pages to show page .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  decorator that calls func .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  pulls   tracks
truth:  pulls   urls

test:  create a new text for the given gpg from the gpg compute .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  transforms a geometric transform into a single geometric mapping .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get a key .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  replaces transcript subtitles .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  answers to public and return result of the api call .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  patch   enhanced
truth:  patch   object

test:  set a key/value pair in sqlite3 .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  creates a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   overrides
truth:  create   channel

test:  will called from the given unconfigure .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  cleanup   induce
truth:  cleanup   testing

test:  retrieve fixed ip address from a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  count length from a matrix to a string and return it .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test that the basics of the widths with basics backend can be the changes .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  generate a set of sequences that will be different at sequences .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  generate   sequences

test:  initialize git data from a git repository .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  clear   concatenated
truth:  clear   pillar

test:  test that a certain acl after the test completes .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   enters
truth:  yields   bucket

test:  convert a vim-friendly .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   operate
truth:  converts   h

test:  iterate over all files in a filename .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  yield   unpatch
truth:  yield   matching

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  retrieve disk stats from detailed space .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  creates a directory and all its descendants .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   disconnects
truth:  creates   dir

test:  validates that app is valid .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  wraps   roundrobin
truth:  wraps   application

test:  process the xml element by the side of the xmlobject .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   coupling
truth:  process   target

test:  returns a list of the names of notifications with a given user .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  load an object given its name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  decorator for apiview .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  returns a list of datastores in the datastore .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  df_modelwc lazily .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a pep 440-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   increments
truth:  returns   pep

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  image should be instantiated .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  =   preserve
truth:  =   int

test:  compute the sum of samples for a project .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  convert an object into a list of attributes .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  run a dev dev server .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  compute the rpc-safe grade for an index operation .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  school types: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create listeners on an elb .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   registered
truth:  create   elb

test:  get the temporary directory path for a path in the filesystem folder .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  create   tokenizing
truth:  create   filepath

test:  test either discrete lyapunov error .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  check that a string is a valid bool .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a decorator that ensures that the decorated function returns a early .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  open a command and return a popen .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the version number of the given file .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  add a user in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  wait for the element to be either clickable or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   uncheck
truth:  wait   element

test:  clear pending images .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clears   encrypt
truth:  clears   screen

test:  display a plugins copy of the terminate .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  writes an input file to a given stream .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  like python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  run all add references in the vcenter .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  refresh   pulls
truth:  refresh   null

test:  generate a stream extractor of the given classes .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  gets all fixed ips for the given virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  adds a classes to an attribute .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the connections to use .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  url-encodes all characters in a given payload tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * microsoft sql server 2000 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  converts   flashes
truth:  converts   characters

test:  remove the state of all targets that are not present in the target files .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  prints   eventlet
truth:  prints   warning

test:  return a dictionary where the elements are in the head namespaces .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  splits a grep string into .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  called   dos
truth:  called   search

test:  removes paths from root .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the proxy device if not cached already installed .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  returns an unused port on localhost port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  recursively create a dict from a key/value pairs .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  makes   simulating
truth:  makes   input

test:  splits off the path into .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a direct client .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  convert a value written in input value to true or false (0) .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  look for the resource fields .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  evaluate a dataset_id into the expression .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  start the home assistant server and start a home assistant flag .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   encapsulate
truth:  start   instance

test:  return the current closest codes from the specified closest codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  get the migration record .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  test rechunking can be done as a 2d titlecased .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  decode a key pair in a dictionary .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs notification service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  replaces instances like limit m .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  check the string representation of a given parse output .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  pickled   mounts
truth:  pickled   objects

test:  start a http server .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  test that the eip file which contains a default location .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  setup the sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  setup   fitnesse
truth:  setup   events

test:  returns the user prefix for given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  computes the unnormalized normally element in the sequence .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  normalize decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a binary matrix from a numpy matrix .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  send an event .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  emit   referenced
truth:  emit   bookmark

test:  test that unicode titles can be translated to run .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  verify   resorts
truth:  verify   python2

test:  return a set of all xonfig starting with xonfig .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test single applications .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  test   init
truth:  test   modules

test:  parses a port description for use by boundaries: .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parses   sparks
truth:  parses   number

test:  import module or none .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  like theano .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a list of python names for a given python list .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  returns true if p is a algebraic polynomial .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   added
truth:  return   p

test:  convert a url string to a url .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  gives the string for the lines of a site-local address .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  strip   pulls
truth:  strip   null

test:  parse the full message and parse the output .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  parse   activates
truth:  parse   creds

test:  host=services_url the node if it is a urllib2 string .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  parse a filename for a compact request .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  converts   been
truth:  converts   format

test:  truncating truncating of the given text .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  pulls   overlap
truth:  pulls   encode

test:  compute the byte threads for each group of the tensor .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the image that are on the provider .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the keyczar signer object .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  fetches   create
truth:  fetches   secret

test:  check if user has access to a list .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests if a regression can be used for the test spec .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  update the request to an http request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  checks whether a string is a decimal decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  return the network api functions .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get the wallis .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  calculate   split
truth:  calculate   stat

test:  return a list of elements of seq[i] with the highest func scores .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  strip the uri prefix from the path prefix .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  remove   nose
truth:  remove   prefix

test:  return information on open dns and states cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  read evoked data from a node .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  make sure configuration files are not implemented with wrong .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  checks   talking
truth:  checks   dict

test:  wraps a function in python 2 .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  build a list of name=value pairs .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  enables previously disabled instance tracking of plugin .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  disables   identifies
truth:  disables   plugin

test:  attach a queryset representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   enhanced
truth:  attach   object

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  runs the warnquota action .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  shutdown   unroll
truth:  shutdown   steps

test:  makes a list of the projector operator using the projector operator .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  create   looking
truth:  create   operator

test:  decodes and decode a base64 encoded string .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  base64   limit
truth:  base64   decode

test:  generate a prime analyze directory of current thread .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   sign
truth:  generate   pair

test:  escape & .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  extract name from a date .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  convert   focused
truth:  convert   dates

test:  pad an iterable of dicts .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  pad   locks
truth:  pad   pad

test:  get the list of available input url .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  perform   enumerates
truth:  perform   protocol

test:  cm service request section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return true if domain a domain-matches domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   union
truth:  return   domain

test:  set movie position as percentage between 0 .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   cyclen
truth:  set   percentage

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  same as a % b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list wiki documents .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  helper to run a module in a filesystem namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  encode the input string to output .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   creating
truth:  encode   transfer

test:  get cart or create an user or create if not found .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  returns   help
truth:  returns   cart

test:  logs out the user def .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  return the default spatial pooler script .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  nice -> string return a copy of the string s with upper case characters converted to lowercase and vice versa .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  convert a file of text to an integer .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  generate a email reference for a biopythons date fields .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  returns the jail of the vms .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get comparison in portion of portion portion of portion .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   reported
truth:  convert   function

test:  return the expression where the first renders and contains a unnecessary period .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deprecated and return warnings from a warning for the given state .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given the points .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   allocate
truth:  given   user

test:  parse the authorization header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  generates a random file with the given filename .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  parse either a method descriptor or name .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   parsefile
truth:  parse   descriptor

test:  get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  read epochs eeglab .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  returns true if path exists on the system .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  determine if the wsgi environment is a @expectedfailure http environment .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extracts   restoring
truth:  extracts   data

test:  l2 distance between tensors error .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  compute the equate function x .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a list of unique entries for the given feed .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  retrieve   unescaped
truth:  retrieve   entries

test:  a simple 2d list .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  divides   pandas
truth:  divides   columns

test:  returns a sortkey .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return the base directory where ipython itself is installed .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  minimize a function using the downhill ncg .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set price based on party or list of price .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   switch
truth:  set   list

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   strips
truth:  write   changelog

test:  check if the given text is make sure the given content .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  get config from a config file if it doesnt exist .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  mandatory volume type by a given profile type .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  determines   going
truth:  determines   volume_type

test:  list all the data centers for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  factor a square-free polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  pulls   serie
truth:  pulls   square

test:  :return: end of a sequence .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  find the maximum y from four vertices if data is false .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  set up the gpsd platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  register an interpreted text role by its canonical name .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   present
truth:  register   role

test:  delete media version .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   extract
truth:  retrieve   version

test:  get the most recent data for a given jobs .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  installs a server .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  installs   pulls
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  pulls   inquire
truth:  pulls   tool

test:  set the title of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  returns true if path does not exist .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  checks   authenticated
truth:  checks   everything

test:  get a missing file from a remote host using the selected app .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  ensure ast code .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   fixes
truth:  puts   manager

test:  helper function to write a single handled by respective the entire sysctl line .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  pulls   represented
truth:  pulls   sysctl

test:  remove the specified tags from the running locally .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  delete   drawing
truth:  delete   tags

test:  run commands and yield output after it .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  test import from numpy arrays .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test that macro expansion is preserved correctly .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  test epoched epoched data for raw files .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   walking
truth:  test   kit

test:  allow users to be authorized to not via harden .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  apply   drop
truth:  apply   ssh

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replaces the correct content with its string from a separator .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  converts   submitted
truth:  converts   camelcase

test:  it should extract a single step from the input step .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  install the given locale .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  yaml: zulip this plugin introduces a zulip where users get points for zulip the builds .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check that all special special are theta in tawn .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  mixed   pushing
truth:  mixed   model

test:  get the canonical list of the canonical for a resource .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns an c{name} table with table from a list of table .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   bounds
truth:  generate   table

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  similar to the <filename> post call .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  returns an instance from the configurations file already in the same directory as configurations .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  convert a group id to the group id on this system under windows .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  returns the time clip .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   evaluate
truth:  returns   clip

test:  get the default re-patching params .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  prints all wsgi middleware .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  fixture   s
truth:  fixture   sets

test:  a noop function that returns parameter .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  noop   hits
truth:  noop   filter

test:  put a port of the execution of one or more full width of the managed keyname cli example: .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  put   shared
truth:  put   string

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return json files matching a path .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  update the quotas for a tenant .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   optimize
truth:  update   quotas

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove a task from the task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  this is a decorator that records the path to a python file .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run pylint on pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   factors
truth:  run   pylint

test:  change your email to the new user change .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  given   equalize
truth:  given   email

test:  solves solution to the database .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  compute variables within a file .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it will check each standard location question in the hierarchy until either one is found or none are found .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  write a file to a directory .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  test   emit
truth:  test   access

test:  asks the summarize_model .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  return a list of unread for the provided user .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  given   mignotte
truth:  given   things

test:  connect to an instance and append it in nodetype .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  private method to check to see if the ui is configured .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  tries to determine if its arguments are valid .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  get reference to a vcenter or list of hosts for a given host .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  returns   weigh
truth:  returns   vim

test:  check whether filename refers to given path .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  iterator that returns the file in a range of the file .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  yield   simplifying
truth:  yield   range

test:  returns the values of all values that are equal to the maximum: no breaking ties .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  left   trace
truth:  left   merge

test:  context manager that atomically the file or a file named block .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  displays the current message from the specified error .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  helper to run a module in the __main__ namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  returns true if the referring should be returned .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  check if the account exists we have either to check if target exists .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  call out "inherit" and call our handlers .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  runs   allows
truth:  runs   subprocess

test:  create a projection to be used as the many module .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  load a random projection from a mixture using the mixture model from an julian matrix .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  draws   pushing
truth:  draws   model

test:  removes a cred_id to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a list of the image that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  concatenates a given value to a dict .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  wraps   format
truth:  wraps   parameter

test:  get the list of the ip addresses assigned by the ec2 ip addresses .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   point
truth:  report   status

test:  set javascript in javascript code to be evaljs in javascript .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  set   bdecodes
truth:  set   xblock

test:  return the native type for the arguments .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  test that latex/aastex a sparse matrix with non input .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  creates a binary packed with the provided packed bytes .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  <value> test decorator .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  function   duplicates
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the lg thermostat .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  create a discrete random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  context manager that creates a temporary directory if it doesnt already exist .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  get equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get the base class of the wrapped directory .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  converts the torrent found in the given hash to a list of reverse-sorted tag .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  undo the %s .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  write   currents
truth:  write   state

test:  function for displaying latex .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   blocks
truth:  function   representation

test:  get the mac address based on device and mac address .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  list everything configured for a zone .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   authenticated
truth:  list   everything

test:  call this function if a background viewer does not exist in the given figure .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  return the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  minimize a scalar function that will minimize archive .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tries to extract the date from the yyyy-mm-dd .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  tests to see if a filename is a zipfile .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  call the function c{f} using a thread in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   vms
truth:  run   thread

test:  build an environment variable representing the default environment variables required for testing .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  ordereddict ordereddict in yaml dump .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  represent   come
truth:  represent   yaml

test:  return the common distance of a new word out of wordnet that corresponds to the highest language .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  calculate   itersubclasses
truth:  calculate   similarity

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  convert any int into a string .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload storage policy settings from configuration .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  pulls   unblock
truth:  pulls   swift

test:  validate the device to the partition .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  ensure   stores
truth:  ensure   name

test:  subscribe a plugin on an attribute .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  config   lets
truth:  config   handler

test:  commits the most appropriate connection if the current transaction is not in the database .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  returns the inverse of a given sequence .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  main function :return: none .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  decorator to require an instance to a decorated decorated function .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a single named information item from the os command output data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return the system uid and user id .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   was
truth:  get   uid

test:  converts a dv(x) returns a list of two-tuples .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  pads the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "left_pad" zeros left and right .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  pad   overriding
truth:  pad   dimension

test:  the version of a release .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns a dataset with the conditionally conditionally .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  restricts   debugging
truth:  restricts   dataset

test:  for receiving email to the feedback system .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  sending   equalize
truth:  sending   email

test:  sets the settings for the widget .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   step
truth:  suggest   names

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> profile .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  raise the correct error when unavailable is not in parallel .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   quotes
truth:  verify   map

test:  then i have sent outbox .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  grabs the oauth oauth key and params from params .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  look   trimmed
truth:  look   uri

test:  return the wrapped similarity for the given file .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  boolean   follow
truth:  boolean   indicating

test:  returns the line number generator for the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   phred
truth:  purge   caches

test:  convert a string of bytes into a num integer .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  translate   stores
truth:  translate   name

test:  build a galaxy user .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   executed
truth:  build   dictionary

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  get image data from a file .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  read   indicating
truth:  read   images

test:  delete volume from a server cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  returns the value of the given field .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  calculate the multiplier from the base and a multiplier .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  update user user .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  update   widening
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   allows
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   extract
truth:  selects   version

test:  construct a base class with the given name and version .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  add   inputhook
truth:  add   sys

test:  check to see if a pid exists cli example: .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  returns a formatted string used by the current request .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get a list of collection names .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a tuple of daily cases in the interval [0 .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  given a value .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  open a lock string given a file .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  determine if a path is inside another loop in a list .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  name the name of a package .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  the apache view must only be used when a models has a single table with a control class .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints the string value with whitespace removed .
truth: print line . 
test:  print   small_stmts
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the groups is valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   decide
truth:  validates   groups

test:  convert a sequence to a list of immutable clauses .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  turns a file path from a url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  updates the given warnings with the given data and outputs from the dictionary .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  convert a space separated string to a scope value .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  fab confidence synchronous version of the enter order .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  moving   offset
truth:  moving   parameters

test:  context manager to temporarily add a special proxy state to the current buffer .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  prevents   loads
truth:  prevents   changes

test:  parses a list of prettytables .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   bartels
truth:  parse   contents

test:  reset to the specified connection if needed .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  rebuild   skips
truth:  rebuild   connections

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  determine whether the named user is in mne or not .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  walk a log error on failure .
truth: log os . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  copy the provided function as the provided name to the function .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  converts all the keys in a dictionary to lowercase; .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  catch a web page for a given job id .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compute variations loss for asg .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  the locale to check for the ip already exists .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  checks   containing
truth:  checks   ip

test:  convert a datetime to the corresponding integer number of seconds since the epoch .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  convert   searches
truth:  convert   duration

test:  bootstrap_formset -> host_from_gpu gpu_from_host -> extract_diagonal .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sets the opacity used to parse the binary image .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  this is necessary to make it custom as a nice window .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a files from a postscript of django formatters .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  parse   storing
truth:  parse   template

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   pulls
truth:  reboot   null

test:  determine the probe sw instance .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  maps   emits
truth:  maps   definition

test:  converts a file in the format .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  open a local file .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  setup app for sphinx extension .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  setup   mutes
truth:  setup   app

test:  finds the windows feature sequence .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  converts   reveal
truth:  converts   sequence

test:  usage: lx f**n .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  tests for info which is retrieved to be a custom api .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  handle a new draft for a draft .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  create   capitalizes
truth:  create   revision

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   solves
truth:  create   pagerduty

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   aligns
truth:  mount   volume

test:  number of rotate-left queries for the number of steps currently used to generate a single string .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  display   expects
truth:  display   queries

test:  parse the response from a response .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  split   install
truth:  split   response

test:  insert new kind to the vulnerability .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  convert   latex
truth:  convert   mne

test:  create a list of pool backend ready to create fileserver rows .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   stolen
truth:  return   fileserver

test:  compute the elimination matrix in-place .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   lstrip
truth:  build   set

test:  create and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  reads the binary string from the binary data .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  function   format
truth:  function   parameter

test:  returns the maximum of the objects chain of the given ref .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   proposed
truth:  find   chain

test:  copy a file or directory .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  gpusparseblockgemv -> gpusparseblockgemv .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the tool is available .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  update a repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  run the api .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  index of lowest value over a specified period .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach from profile profile to cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  apply a submission of the input config options to a modbus domain object .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  inverse hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   sparks
truth:  change   number

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   switch
truth:  resets   list

test:  return a list of final status of the final statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  get   inform
truth:  get   entry

test:  return a path to targets that depend on the path .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  fix any ipython test modules that should be executed .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a mock connection class .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  produce   mixed
truth:  produce   engine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  provides   install
truth:  provides   response

test:  returns the right salt interface id for a specific viewpoint args: user_feed: : the default one value for the specified period of the sid .
truth: given a server . 
test:  given   clones
truth:  given   server

test:  get the list of all the pac that are on this application .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a change of a field to a specified field .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  render a json string into a json string .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  renders   aliased
truth:  renders   json

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  a function to read the last error message from the user .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  starts   generating
truth:  starts   shell

test:  removes a value from the specified account .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  install certificates and private key required by a google api service .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   listen
truth:  install   key

test:  build the docs and installs the docs using the update document .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   intrepret
truth:  build   pdf

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  handle a database that invokes database related info from a handle handle .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  post   disallow
truth:  post   identifiers

test:  return a cohort object for the given course .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  load the just settings for a template .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  command   authorizes
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  pulls   to_bytes
truth:  pulls   encodes

test:  creates thumbnail via the thumbnail params for each race creates a thumbnail via http .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  create   counter
truth:  create   thumbnail

test:  run a function on a thread .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  ensures   reported
truth:  ensures   function

test:  add fnclex from the context .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  pass in supplied vlan_id namespace .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  returns the float of the elements in the background probability space .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  builds   blocks
truth:  builds   representation

test:  helper to return the right dataset instance from a groups also takes a string and a stream .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  return a list of the frequency that are unique by the number of bits in a time .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  returns true if the url belongs to the given language .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  return a list of when the port is in the gpu .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  get   edit
truth:  get   ports

test:  get the variable used to construct a jobconf variable from variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a list of tuples to all the content of the given package .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  archive   downloading
truth:  archive   package

test:  get the colour string representation of a color running the string .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  sets up a number of 1 for all library .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  deletes database record and put them into database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  convert a unicode string to a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  compare two keys .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether all of all names match all patterns matching the given patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  determine   gauss
truth:  determine   strings

test:  create an ssl ssl file .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  read configuration settings from the current settings .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  check if all items have valid objects .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the given group name .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns true if the user has changed .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  convert a json subscription to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  retrieve a folder from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   stacking
truth:  retrieve   grid

test:  given an http response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting boosting .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  get an tag count .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  provides a new session handler for the main page of the ticket page .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  compute the p-th power of the minkowski distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   rfc
truth:  compute   distance

test:  we know the initialization of tcl whitespace .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  substitute   randomise
truth:  substitute   message

test:  iterate over tracebacks .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  decorator that ensures that the decorated attribute correctly handles a given attributes .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  skip   remounts
truth:  skip   obj

test:  update the neighbor data for epochs .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  prepare   restoring
truth:  prepare   data

test:  stub function for sorting a list of strings .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sort   switch
truth:  sort   list

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  displays the current time zone zonecode cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   start
truth:  displays   zone

test:  add the logged in the tree to the given function .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  parses update text .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   highlights
truth:  parse   update

test:  convert a long int to bytes .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  start the 'normal' .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume id .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   switch
truth:  copy   list

test:  get the current prompt with the username and return it .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  tokens   pulls
truth:  tokens   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are managed for all vms on the provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sort the opkg of a gamut between r .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  updates a new document in db .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns data in the given file .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  export geojson[p] of console scans .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write data to chunk of chunk .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  compute the a generalized son or generalized factors of a square matrix .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  which person organisation the person is active with the human request .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  show a message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  return the [elementwise] common divisor of a variable number of arguments .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  yaml: stash this plugin sets the build as a string .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a review .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  finds   knapsack
truth:  finds   request

test:  the profile details from the site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  creates a url to a repository for the received tool shed log in a specified tool shed repository .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  list all hipchat rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  turn a nested graph of items/subsequences into a list of tuples .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   lstrip
truth:  flatten   set

test:  return system information cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  returns a list of default groups to be used as a default database .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  creates   decide
truth:  creates   groups

test:  format a random number that can watch for specified time to test .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  sleep   sparks
truth:  sleep   number

test:  create an application which can be used to start the given python application .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  join a path in the given list of urls .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  joins   tracks
truth:  joins   urls

test:  check whether the given field represents a unique value in the given field .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  show dict of zeros: can save some time for an arbitrary dict mapping shed .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  function   fileformat
truth:  function   self

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix cosine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  a shortcut to run a node in parallel .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  uninstall a installer from a site .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  remove   init
truth:  remove   modules

test:  calculates the unavailable for the mean of the values in the passed array .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  tests   contructs
truth:  tests   sample

test:  loads a path from a special url .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  removes   authenticated
truth:  removes   everything

test:  api tester in python pickle format .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  given   homebrew_packages
truth:  given   structure

test:  call available images .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  update   flow
truth:  update   fields

test:  maxheap version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   backs
truth:  returns   mean

test:  test one line labels .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  find the root root for the given service .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  get the post request from the main entry-point .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  logs output of paths in logs .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  logs   capturing
truth:  logs   error

test:  differentiate polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  extracts the raw features from csp response .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  create an ssh management hypervisor for a protocol .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  goes through all modules under path .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   suppress
truth:  upgrade   software

test:  returns a list of registered trophy .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  context manager to temporarily disable the temporary directory .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   extract
truth:  context   version

test:  instance is some possible difference between the two numbers .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  checks if the stu path is not equal to the chance folder .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   carry
truth:  check   test

test:  standard way to find the ith element in the string .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  get all non-deleted packages .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  return   simplifies
truth:  return   packages

test:  does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   knapsack
truth:  does   request

test:  a convenience function for median/wpgmc implementations .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  have   simulating
truth:  have   input

test:  factory for clustermanager methods that looks up the writable config file .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   copies
truth:  list   clusters

test:  wraps a method with an [xmlschema-2] prefix .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  mock tab from json tab to set as json .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  mocks   pulls
truth:  mocks   null

test:  return an html string with whitespace removed from text .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  validate that pack name is a pack name .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  add a new type with the correct type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   presents
truth:  add   mapping

test:  creates a suffix and store it in the given path .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  send deete into hopefully table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  returns a list of reset sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  repeat calls func with the same arguments that are specified .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  connect to a mailchimp entry in mailchimp from the mailchimp framework .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  initializes   trivial
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  create a default size of shape .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns the tree url .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  creates   configured
truth:  creates   tree

test:  workaround for mobsf and save paths and mobsf .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  given a method builder .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  format a list of message sizes for use in a list response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  convert state to elastic scope .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  guess   currents
truth:  guess   state

test:  check that we can get correct distance between coordinate matrices .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  initializes the users message data for logging .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  translates value into a network .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  deserialize   extract
truth:  deserialize   version

test:  returns the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  execute the salt module .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  publish   customized
truth:  publish   salt

test:  takes a dictionary and a list of dicts .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  we can avoid test cases .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  decorator that skips a function if you want to invoke the given function .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  helps   pulls
truth:  helps   null

test:  clears limit from config .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  remove   cause
truth:  remove   option

test:  simple class decorator that asserts that the given list of methods .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  convert x to a native type string .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  given a textual file name and the contents of the device .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  resolve   igor
truth:  resolve   device

test:  iterate over all lines of a given width .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   flask
truth:  calls   times

test:  delete a resource .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dumps a perspective .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  dumps   decide
truth:  dumps   groups

test:  use this decorator to mark a validator that takes a list of strings and returns the string as the form of the type .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create simple argumentparser to read the command line options :returns: the options manager .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  creates   promotes
truth:  creates   argumentparser

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  returns a private key from a private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  convert a miller-rabin maximum 2-tuple to a mlab .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  delete a user cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  function decorator for replicates .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  extract   knapsack
truth:  extract   request

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   consisting
truth:  test   link

test:  get the dot product of the first kind of the plus .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  decorate a record-style method to be used as an api .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  evaluate a random set of complex surface to the surface of the lookup_parts referenced by the input is phone_number .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  computes   bench
truth:  computes   value

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   safe_octal
truth:  cleanup   class

test:  returns true if lock can be used or not some open a file object to send .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  lock   enhanced
truth:  lock   object

test:  returns a list of escalated to which correspond to .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   hover
truth:  converts   bytes

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  create the ellipse for a binary ellipse in the mean of the matplotlib .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  execute a command and read the output as yaml .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert color-coded to integer .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  converts   quoting
truth:  converts   comma

test:  generate a map of text to a dotted dotted copy of the given list of paragraph to include a string .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  takes   supported
truth:  takes   paragraph

test:  replace special characters with .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  all near-enough disconnect .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns a generator used to obtain the available iterable .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  yield   enhance
truth:  yield   items

test:  return money sum of given money .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  stack   normalise
truth:  stack   taxes

test:  file the file contents of a file .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  walk   local_rvs
truth:  walk   addons

test:  tests the creation of a list of arguments .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   unleash
truth:  deletes   store

test:  test the setting of disregard .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   bench
truth:  test   value

test:  updates index library .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   regressiont
truth:  updates   index

test:  lower(s) -> generalized .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  build a cython module cix element tree .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   tear
truth:  build   module

test:  return task information .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   reverts
truth:  set   age

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when given a sigmoid input .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  add simplified loop to the loop .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  verify an exception for list outside assignments that the line is in the string .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  this function takes the string identifier and an identifier and returns a snmp identifier .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  convert port string value to port number .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  returns a list of nodes in the graph .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  merge   initalize
truth:  merge   k

test:  a generator for a real-valued expression .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  change random chars of the string to upper case .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  change   block
truth:  change   chars

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  to convert an arbitrary type into a new dict with unique values .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  adds a new feed .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  read a dictionary of node ids from a metadata .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   reads
truth:  return   metrics

test:  create the opengl configuration .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  print out the data passed into the function *args and kwargs .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  output   protects
truth:  output   args

test:  create a private ip for this linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   containing
truth:  creates   ip

test:  test that a sphere is matched in the project .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  return the information on the host .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  basic indexing with indexing or multiindex value .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  =   pulls
truth:  =   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  clear cache for given result .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clear   allocate
truth:  clear   user

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  split words into two float numbers and the same padding .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  split   borrowed
truth:  split   instances

test:  tests that the in-db store cannot be instantiated .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  try   imdb
truth:  try   store_fs

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  returns a list of all registered apis that are present in the dict .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  recursively copy the source files from the source to a dict .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  parses a handle in a file .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parses   restoring
truth:  parses   data

test:  yaml: load this plugin allows you to define "weight" on each build .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  pulls   fake
truth:  pulls   load

test:  delete a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  a pure complex .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  validate the configuration .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   forbid
truth:  validates   options

test:  test that genextreme .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy specified project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  compute the trimmed sample standard error .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  compute   offset
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  get a server type of a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   ordered
truth:  get   console

test:  check if the minimum value from the input collection .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the first kind and its derivative .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  resets the password for a post request .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  password   exit
truth:  password   handling

test:  transforms a background image as a background graph .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  python friendly __doc__ .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  table a datasets metadata .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  emit the network interface .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   repeat
truth:  inplace   scaling

test:  check if a database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  renders a wsgi certificate with a custom encoding .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  picks   derive
truth:  picks   templates

test:  generator that returns all the lines of a given iterator .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  yield   flashes
truth:  yield   characters

test:  make sure that no tab is json .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  convert   aliased
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns random expression examples .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  given   sums
truth:  given   expression

test:  return a list of eventrenderers from available []query .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  creates a new endpoints with a given prefix .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  resize the system partition where we attempt to resize .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  resizes   sparks
truth:  resizes   number

test:  compute nth moment moments for a given eps .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parallel fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determines which settings to modules .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  try   lambda
truth:  try   django

test:  setup the create create an eeg operator .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  set   socket
truth:  set   projection

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  provide   flip
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  validate a bcp contents .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  returns whether obj is closed from a file .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  return a list of jobs which contain the given job .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   signal
truth:  returns   datasets

test:  combine zero stats into one by the smallest sequence .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  run a set of chip .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  gather   restoring
truth:  gather   data

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   cutting
truth:  get   writer

test:  load an hdfs path from the url hdfs .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  query the metric page .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  unload :func:os .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  deletes a column constraints from database .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  returns a new connection object .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  install   skips
truth:  install   connections

test:  find all example workflows .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  test handling of the driver .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  return a list of tag tags that contain a string .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  print nicely formatted for the regular text .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  remove the old data from the system .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  removes   restoring
truth:  removes   data

test:  return a list of service services .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  display   stores
truth:  display   name

test:  retrieve a projection object by name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  returns a boolean value based on whether or not the value passed in .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return absolute path to python documentation string .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return a set of targets that are installed .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  return   offer
truth:  return   queryset

test:  set current boot device override information .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  return a list of dsym test file .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   defines
truth:  retrieve   attributes

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  test getting volume names .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  test   step
truth:  test   names

test:  executes a bridge tool .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get the visible devices devices .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  calculates   allows
truth:  calculates   subprocess

test:  extract json data from json .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   expect
truth:  extract   body

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   setup
truth:  returns   equivalent

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  get the number of rotation rotation matrix .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   docfield
truth:  return   angle

test:  decode a cookie value into a cookie .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   modbus
truth:  decodes   cookie

test:  utility function .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  helper function to return whether an object is string or not .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  yield a list of tuples .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   enhance
truth:  filters   items

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  compile the ir function c{f} .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  return a function that can be used to look for a package .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  generate beautifulsoup nodes from page .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the state of the queue .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  convenience function for removing existing directory .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a signal that seems to handle the customer signal .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   designates
truth:  get   matrixsvg

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  find an vi configuration in the given config .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  extract   exclude
truth:  extract   discovery

test:  get a api-proxy instance from api-proxy .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  gets   encapsulate
truth:  gets   instance

test:  decorator to methods which check the action argument passed in policy .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the post request to add an api .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   escaped
truth:  do   post

test:  get the 'layer height .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  validate that the groupby passed in is a valid groupby .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  checks   switch
truth:  checks   list

test:  create a consumer object suitable for interacting with a service .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return the best time the var(p) client can be used to bind the server to each of the test .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  produces   takes
truth:  produces   stream

test:  downloads the item at the given url .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  go   bring
truth:  go   page

test:  convert c to string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  write the version string to the postgresql version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  inserts   bench
truth:  inserts   value

test:  this is a helper for combining a graph of the dot product of nan .
truth: returns np . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check the modules status before the path is set .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  checks   averaging
truth:  checks   encodings

test:  computes the diag(d) .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  compute whitener noise .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  create the appropriate for a list of modules .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   debugging
truth:  build   dataset

test:  ensure ast can compile ast .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   match
truth:  make   syntax

test:  rewrite a variables in a sequence of expressions .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  rewrite   associate
truth:  rewrite   expressions

test:  saves an image to a workbook .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  delete   clip
truth:  delete   record

test:  checks facet checks that the same value can still checks .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  find the rest position in the given string .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  locate   pulls
truth:  locate   null

test:  getattr -> getattr return str .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  open a google cloud storage file .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  opens   decimals
truth:  opens   storage

test:  captured_stdout  .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  prompt   separates
truth:  prompt   echo

test:  get the face indexes around the edge index of the indexes .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  execute a command in the directory .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  normalize the twilio indentation after the given scale .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  combine two or more types .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   constrained
truth:  combine   functions

test:  removes the content back in the response .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   widgets
truth:  removes   responses

test:  update the plugin translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   b1
truth:  updates   translations

test:  prints/logs an error message to the server log .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  log   order
truth:  log   traceback

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  return the population variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   variance

test:  loads snippets from data file .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  watch to meta-decorator when a observer .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  tests   unsets
truth:  tests   watch

test:  run all of the python module with the list of modules .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  collect   sleep
truth:  collect   files

test:  this is a shorthand that returns true if the user has clone errors to have clone .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  report   middleware
truth:  report   clone

test:  returns a new unique dict with the static to be designed to the static file .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  required   imported
truth:  required   galaxy

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  decorator that filters out of a value in python 2 and hashed it in python 3 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  change   flattens
truth:  change   output

test:  return the binary module of the given method .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  given the path for .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  append   define
truth:  append   path

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   unescapes
truth:  add   rule

test:  find the static files .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  creates a new pub/sub .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  interpolate an image .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  convert a matrix to the equivalent vector .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  require several opkg packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   simplifies
truth:  require   packages

test:  returns a formatted token for a user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  generate   scop
truth:  generate   token

test:  find the font font rules .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  find   verifying
truth:  find   face

test:  takes a string and a set of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the context .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  construct an identity matrix .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  test that setting regression on log message: .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   making
truth:  verify   float

test:  wait for a given message to log .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  wait   byte
truth:  wait   statusbar

test:  only one qapp can exist at a time .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  shows the login page .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  return the country socket of the given reference .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  check   exhaust
truth:  check   conversion

test:  return anchor function from pantsrefs .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  get the list of child events .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   emitting
truth:  get   character

test:  returns list of longest lengths .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  chooses   tz_localize
truth:  chooses   seq

test:  try to get a relative path based on a path and the absolute path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  gets the search location .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  sets a single vif frontend config .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  convert a string into a list of cache-control .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  sanitize a given name string .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  returns zen set of zen values that are not redirecting to old .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  returns the xdg configuration directory for numpy initiate .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  check   maps
truth:  check   locations

test:  prints the unified <count> that we need to point of the foscam .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  creates or recursively for each entry in the dictionary .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  accepts   step
truth:  accepts   names

test:  test histogram size using ellipsevisual .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   organize
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test that a section of the supplied dir is ignored .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   restructure
truth:  test   tmpdir

test:  only load if systems is available .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  return the forget policy .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  setup the demo covers .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  using a multitype literal as invalid value .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  test   teardown
truth:  test   type

test:  create a context factory that validates amp server from the cached server .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   link
truth:  create   factory

test:  return the windows paths of the core .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  exit the program .
truth: force exit . 
test:  force   extended
truth:  force   exit

test:  create an iis application pool .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   flattens
truth:  decode   output

test:  installs a new plugin .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  when we are running .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  use   reported
truth:  use   function

test:  read in the requested file or directory found in this format:: directory .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get loops going loops .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  get the revision id of the last change to the user .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  returns   capitalizes
truth:  returns   revision

test:  wsgi wsgi application which sets the http error for an http error .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  pulls   roundrobin
truth:  pulls   application

test:  serialize the given fields as thread .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  replace all spans of str with string character references .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   serialize
truth:  return   str

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  creates a new user .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  called when the current session matches the unix text .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  reports   support
truth:  reports   time

test:  returns hostmask .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  return   opened
truth:  return   re

test:  this hook is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  if the xml office contains a xml character in its xml .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  edits   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  edits   problem

test:  return a pretty format string from a format .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a generator for paths that match an source file .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  display the current database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  starting   extract
truth:  starting   version

test:  get information about the theme .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   profile
truth:  return   theme

test:  return the container state cli example: .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  returns the full path to a yaml file by giving the builtin modules name .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns a list of urls .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  the method for walk inputs are present in the python program .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  allow   pulls
truth:  allow   null

test:  return the entropy of the hermite bins bins .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  returns the path to the s3cache of the master .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  return a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   code
truth:  return   logger

test:  generate a map of rules for each of the given map map map map map rule .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  create an schedule url for a specific year .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  makes the generator .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  prepares   wanted
truth:  prepares   filename

test:  return the first column of the x and stack new line .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  adds the lazymap property at the end of a node .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  skip the test if a test is in use .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  check if the object has a file or vtk path to the object .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   restoring
truth:  configure   data

test:  outputs a specific pipeline from the outputs outputs .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compress a device for a device .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   pulls
truth:  compile   null

test:  returns the role matching the given name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  transform text with spatial characters matching the given string .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  test the debug debug option .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  describe the cloud dns .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  describe   aligns
truth:  describe   volume

test:  check if http status code is client error .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  shell-like shell-like sets the exceptions in ctypes .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as self .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  creates the assets for local tarball to the program .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  remove all files in the directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  smoke test configuration .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  preload   pulls
truth:  preload   null

test:  check whether a short number is a valid region .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  create a fully-qualified module name for build device version .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   reject
truth:  -   neutron

test:  sets the modules that will be used for all the request .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   created
truth:  set   mode

test:  return true if the container is present in this context .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  a noop function .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  fetches fetches logs for a given host with the data .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  queries   tracks
truth:  queries   urls

test:  assign the given parent to the parent node .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  return   fetches
truth:  return   parent

test:  convert a list of log log into a form:: .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  turn a rule into a dss rule .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   dictionary
truth:  apply   condition

test:  insert python keys into the target dict .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  nested   pulls
truth:  nested   null

test:  return a list of the hypervisors that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  a function which asserts that the secret matches the current user .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verifies   listen
truth:  verifies   key

test:  custom helper for displaying custom logistration for this custom custom models .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  calculate   examines
truth:  calculate   peak

test:  helper method to get an http request header from a requests .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  get list of objects for given doctype .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   eliminates
truth:  make   elements

test:  convert string argument to int .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  extracts the dict from the href href .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  rewrite   saves
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  parses complex table from package .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  crop the image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  converts im and return the string representation of the file .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  applies   pulls
truth:  applies   null

test:  return list of all the vms and their return zacharys cli example: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  replace local variables with a syntactically valid name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  compare two parsed items .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   shutdown
truth:  stack   tables

test:  return the members for a group cli example: .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  replaces   rising
truth:  replaces   group

test:  apply diff of the order of finite polygons .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  calculates   print
truth:  calculates   approximation

test:  dumps the current request to a string .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  convert s to unicode string .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  decode   project
truth:  decode   ascii

test:  takes a particular point number and a string .
truth: available major . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a enforce() class for the later class .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  turn   retrieving
truth:  turn   compound

test:  use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   depends
truth:  use   def

test:  parse the op sequence of a sequence of classes into a list of classes .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  return   break
truth:  return   operations

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  creates a syncback fieldset for the specified fieldset .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  retrieve the most appropriate thread count for a thread .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  converts a human readable unit into a unit number .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  returns   account
truth:  returns   human

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  runs   broadcasted
truth:  runs   runs

test:  run all requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  load certificate from a buffer or a buffer .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  a helper for the tool shed to construct a partial tool shed a specified relative url .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  determine   inquire
truth:  determine   tool

test:  converts the string s to a multinomial expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  messaging index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  messaging   bring
truth:  messaging   page

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   quits
truth:  pulls   ru

test:  set a label on a given alarm node .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   check_string
truth:  set   hardware

test:  splits the datastore at the datastore .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  split   failing
truth:  split   style

test:  principal decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  apply a value from a db .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  recurse   saves
truth:  recurse   links

test:  update the iterator that has been updated with the given start page .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  grab   echoes
truth:  grab   prefixes

test:  allows to find out of the contents of a pandas .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  using   embeds
truth:  using   pandas

test:  render a values in the given values .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  render   presents
truth:  render   mapping

test:  tries to extract the date formats from the specific date and returns the integer value .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  sanitize --> url .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  sanitize   access
truth:  sanitize   url

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  shrink cache rows from the locale dict .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  make   assigned
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  submits a task to generate a csv file containing the executive summary grades .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test two instances from _thread_references to another connection in a local connection .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  returns the extent of the phrase phrase with a given head .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   redraw
truth:  returns   begin

test:  partial version of distane .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  you can pass to want to get the journal python dictionary .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the expression in which the completion should be inserted usually code assist proposals should be inserted like:: completion = proposal .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  download an s3 object to a file from the cloud website .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  return the time in milliseconds since the epoch as integer .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  helper method to register the logging policy policy .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  injects   hits
truth:  injects   filter

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  retrieve selinux file from proxmox cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   squared
truth:  retrieve   vms

test:  get hypervisor by hypervisor .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return decorator for function that can be used in many times .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  removes local dict from local dictionary .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  safely check api .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get a byte string corresponding to raw bytes from raw .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  context manager that changes the printed timeout to the context .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  context   shed
truth:  context   exception

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  copy a file to path(s) provided .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  infer a value into the wikipedia types .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  infer   teardown
truth:  infer   type

test:  returns either a qt type .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  expand   stores
truth:  expand   name

test:  make sure we can import a nested file .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  get the path to configuration .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  returns a list of the default pathext file .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  returns   optparse
truth:  returns   extensions

test:  ensure that hyphens get translated to underscores during mangling .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   disallow
truth:  ensure   identifiers

test:  a convenience wrapper around the proper proper proper string .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  parse   tile
truth:  parse   information

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  creates bit rounded to the given number of bits .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  estimate   support
truth:  estimate   time

test:  create a continuous random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the most appropriate snapshot snapshots .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  determine if the given argument is a valid uid uid .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  fire   dumps
truth:  fire   signal

test:  helper method for getting a single sample size for a given format .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  requests the login page for the user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  returns the conductance value for a set of nodes .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  encode data in base64 with correct order .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the l1 factors for a project x .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  project   cleaning
truth:  project   matrix

test:  delete new database .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  is   setup
truth:  is   equivalent

test:  get the windows fs compiler :return: returns a string representing the current compiler on the system :rtype: dict .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  determine   img
truth:  determine   compiler

test:  assignment_expression : unary_expression assignment_operator assignment_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a cluster to a indices .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  create weight initializer for an input initializer .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   exhausts
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  for each option in each level the function returns a list of lengths .
truth: given an index . 
test:  given   regressiont
truth:  given   index

test:  show information about the message .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  compute the discrete log or generalized equation for a given order .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  compute   xyz
truth:  compute   logarithm

test:  discretize model by taking the value at the given index .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that the named ruby is present name the name of rvm .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a specific aggregates .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  creates active kb contributors for the given date .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  class decorator for click click implementations .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  purge options that are stored in the current environment .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  true if user is a errant .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  take a polynomial and return a rounding .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  transform   gets
truth:  transform   prototype

test:  considering the x and y y with x in x .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return disk format size in bytes .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  proxy for endpoints .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  serve   bring
truth:  serve   page

test:  returns a dictionary of all of the file names .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  split and add all objects in all systems of mapping objects .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that the cache root exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   intialize
truth:  ensure   root

test:  replace all add sub-expressions .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  replaces   increase
truth:  replaces   nodes

test:  creates the modjk parser for the given arguments .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  open a format representing the notebook version .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  a view that can be used to generate a post imdb for a specific request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  run disk and then console .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  call   instantiate
truth:  call   arguments

test:  returns a permission user for the given permission .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a a list of reserved strings .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file on sys .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  try   labeled
truth:  try   file

test:  prints error messages to stderr .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  return true if the given function node is a astroid node .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  determine   teardown
truth:  determine   type

test:  atomically filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  default   hits
truth:  default   filter

test:  calculate the network entropy between two vectors .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  define   negotiate
truth:  define   loss

test:  request to see if server is made to request .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  log   fitnesse
truth:  log   events

test:  open telemetry logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   sleep
truth:  open   files

test:  return a list of class name for a google class .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  split an array into a list of group by its group .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  general function for rendering a string into a dataframe .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compiles   replaces
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  return an absolute path relative to $bindir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  try to get input from the python 2 .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  get   simulating
truth:  get   input

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  stores alpha setting for alpha operations .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  put   overrides
truth:  put   channel

test:  calculate the nti values of the nti group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  api: accepts settings from yahoo current api .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  embedded   access
truth:  embedded   url

test:  wait until the mathjax javascript has loaded on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add form .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   testlist_multi
truth:  remove   activities

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  requires   pulls
truth:  requires   null

test:  perform label on a label on the region .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  assign   linkify
truth:  assign   integer

test:  return the currently connected server id .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  provides   linkify
truth:  provides   integer

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  slugify a string .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  get the templates directory path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse /etc/hostname and return contents of the cursor .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  parse a string into an iterator of source .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parses   autoencoder
truth:  parses   xml

test:  generates a random k-out circuit in the given circuit space .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  return   deduces
truth:  return   circuit

test:  creates a table in a given project .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  create a snapshot of a template from a parsed template .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  write a new pack object to the specified type .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  make this string string to determine which version string is greater than or later .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  list all packages installed on the system .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  translates a snapshot into the cinder exception .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   forwards
truth:  embed   image

test:  the ssl table .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  migrate   bounds
truth:  migrate   table

test:  return the maximum of an array along given axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  takes   restrict
truth:  takes   array

test:  get list of recursively that arent cache .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  retrieve the current inventory of a supplied provider and return the provider .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  removes a group role for a group from a domain or project .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  build a face from a basic message .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  build   install
truth:  build   response

test:  import info on an image cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  import   forwards
truth:  import   image

test:  set and retrieve the value of self .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured localzone .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  compares the value of all of the test value .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  extract   partitioning
truth:  extract   v

test:  send an email to the course .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  test that the pypy of a and b .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   pulls
truth:  collect   null

test:  add a callback for log events .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  adds   pick
truth:  adds   callback

test:  simple command-line program drip .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  pulls   searches
truth:  pulls   duration

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   slices
truth:  destroy   attachment

test:  returns failure and changes is not empty .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   represent
truth:  returns   failure

test:  draw the rotation by rotation its rotation .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  rotate   indicating
truth:  rotate   images

test:  redirects the user to the support page .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  return   cifs
truth:  return   httpresponseredirect

test:  a wrapper around url_unescape to make sure a test run in a test mode .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  shortcut   constructs
truth:  shortcut   lock

test:  returns the number of crap in the ip address .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   created
truth:  convert   mode

test:  convert a dictionary of items into a dict .
truth: like repr . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  find matching based on tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  if a key matches the query .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  a view that instantiates the user to use their deny systemd .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  pulls   ask
truth:  pulls   demo

test:  clears all alarms .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  clear   rescales
truth:  clear   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  parse the content-type and return the correct buffer based on the buffer .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parse   caused
truth:  parse   return

test:  compile a python source file to a file .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  compile   labeled
truth:  compile   file

test:  export an svn file from the master config .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  returns a group members page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   rising
truth:  returns   group

test:  start a vm vm : string vm to be stopped key : string vm to be targeted key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   hostname
truth:  start   vm

test:  fetch an image from the values for raw image .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  a check that can be construct .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  returns a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return a version of the given dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  forms   pulls
truth:  forms   null

test:  return area of degree return leading phi .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  set a temporary backend to be used as a delete .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  set   fold
truth:  set   backend

test:  compute the matrix cosine .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  find   reshow
truth:  find   alpha

test:  change every header of a given uri .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   capturing
truth:  returns   error

test:  write nested amino methods .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  write   autoreleased
truth:  write   types

test:  returns none used to __init__ .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  return image after the volume info .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  converts   forwards
truth:  converts   image

test:  return the value of a matrix .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   constrained
truth:  return   functions

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  pulls   mocked
truth:  pulls   runner

test:  a view that can raise permissiondenied if it is not a node .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  simple hex value from a block of text .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  pulls   scales
truth:  pulls   prints

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  pulls   traverse
truth:  pulls   cert

test:  create new instance from configuration .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   colored
truth:  start   operation

test:  returns the normalized cut of a set or new node .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  convert the value into a positive int .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  delete an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   whiten
truth:  delete   computenode

test:  given a discussion dict with system id .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  check whether depth contains some specified depth .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return a monotonically increasing integer id for the provided serial architecture : datetime id of the serial file .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  return a pandas pandas dataframe from a list of chain .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  combines   prepopulates
truth:  combines   bits

test:  transforms from json string to json .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  converts   dst
truth:  converts   c

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  generate a non key from a file and generate it .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given an external path .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   sparks
truth:  generate   number

test:  check that a numpy .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes a gaussian image with each channel and then a given image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  yield   means
truth:  yield   gaussian

test:  returns the given string as an integer .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  build a cluster status fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   point
truth:  create   status

test:  get the temporary url for a node .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  constructs   access
truth:  constructs   url

test:  returns the canon .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the url for a given image .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  the user can connect to the new template context .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  check the upgrade message expired .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  get the complex path from the path .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  creates a contrib class for a class .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if a path is available and can be executed .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   flip
truth:  use   python

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  remove the named group .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  yaml: env-file execute a build file or command .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  utc time in number of bytes .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  use the rest api to find a timestamp for a master .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   existing
truth:  retrieve   ticket

test:  helper function to convert data to unicode .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  converts   restoring
truth:  converts   data

test:  takes a path and returns the appropriate one that should not exist .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the repository for the current working directory .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  this script prints the po database and creates the new cache if there is po .
truth: cache management . 
test:  cache   implementing
truth:  cache   management

test:  get a path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  make a single transfer function traverses a single transfer dict .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   draw
truth:  merge   struct

test:  returns used to load used by pathlib .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  this generator iterates over a set of integer n .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  interpolated   pulls
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service action .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  like [function_names]} .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  recursively convert though to namespace or dictionaries with tags removed .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  for routines that return the value of a functions .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  coordinate   break
truth:  coordinate   operations

test:  returns files from a bucket metadata .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  get directory for an error file or directory .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  creates the operations adding an argument to an existing feed .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert figure to plotly .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   memoizes
truth:  shows   plot

test:  fake implementation of a certain dense .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  gammacorrect the labels of the analysis .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  function   interfacing
truth:  function   axes

test:  test write information about the head file .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  disables loglevel and unnecessary werkzeug loglevel .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse environment and return its string representation .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  add a new value .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  convert mask or a comma-separated .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  mask   exposes
truth:  mask   values

test:  use of @roles if role make sense .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  use   scramble
truth:  use   @roles

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   filesize
truth:  compute   derivative

test:  compute crc-32c checksum based on the data .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a list of commands that are recognised .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  validates maxstalenessseconds according to integer or integer format .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   decreases
truth:  parse   documents

test:  returns a list with query .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  return the firewall-cmd of the specified job id cli example: .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  we can start with whitespace on windows header in it .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  header   stored
truth:  header   #

test:  returns a datetime of the form of the supplied data .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  determine whether a string matches the size of a permutation_test_score packet .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  filter   analyzes
truth:  filter   size

test:  in the default authentication .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  let   format_alignment
truth:  let   authentication

test:  generate a random usernames .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  yield   outline
truth:  yield   hex

test:  a helper for common parse functions .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  finds   reported
truth:  finds   function

test:  return a list of bad values for an option .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  outline a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  limit   supports
truth:  limit   text

test:  remove repeating from task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  in cdata .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  redefine this fixture to change the celery fixture .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  start the notification notification server and returns a clientlogintoken .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  determine if a file is an executable .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  returns   initializes
truth:  returns   program

test:  get a list of dependencies from the given tree .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  return the absolute version of a path .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  fetches all templates from available templates and their templates .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   derive
truth:  fetch   templates

test:  return a dict that maps a form error .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  return the current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  returns   handles
truth:  returns   site

test:  unserialize all values in a .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  split object id list into two list with set of commits .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  get or disable axes for given axes parameters axes : infinite axes dict .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  copy a file or folder if it does not exist .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   sanitize
truth:  copy   libraries

test:  volunteer group positions controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  clusters   touch
truth:  clusters   controller

test:  a function to check if a machine exists in the history is published by the name of the machine accepts .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  change the logging message to the jupyter setting .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  changes   terminate
truth:  changes   password

test:  create a new element .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a set of test classes that correspond to a given testsuite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   carry
truth:  returns   test

test:  enable or disable all objects of the objects passed .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  return   datasets

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   publish
truth:  turns   graph

test:  cyclic_find the position of a sequence into a list of bounding index entries .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  returns   position

test:  quote a given string .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  print   display
truth:  print   print

test:  helper for clustermanager .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   cleaned
truth:  register   configurations

test:  tests that download_file can be deleted from a python object .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  test   created
truth:  test   mode

test:  ensures that the named group does not exists .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   rising
truth:  ensures   group

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  for a date as follows: .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  call   hits
truth:  call   filter

test:  get a thought .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  finished   pulls
truth:  finished   null

test:  parses in romanize .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the network on which the bridge is attached .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a server is enabled cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  checks whether user can automatic suggestions on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  return the score for a given value .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  opening command to the given tty .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  replace   assigns
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset prompt in a simple prompt .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  normalize the encoder .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  return the number of positive integer n .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the current site .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  decorator for checking if the retrying is a decorator for a path to a path .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  definition : id .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return configuration and password .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  timeout set up to timeout timeout that are not saved .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  assert   mignotte
truth:  assert   things

test:  test that starting with an designer config files .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  embed   sharpens
truth:  embed   qt

test:  return an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  return a list of degree in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  create a bem dict from the enforce enforce .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  uses   suppose
truth:  uses   algorithm

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  l{collapsingpumppolicy} is the codec codec .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  is   holding
truth:  is   policy

test:  remove any active configuration files .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  save a list of collectionsummarymodel instances as an collectionsummarymodel entity in the given collection .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  place an order by specified order order as a specified order .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  pull shape from list of length slices .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  get   overwrites
truth:  get   shape

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   fold
truth:  test   backend

test:  get the profile model class from the given app_label .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  get   pushing
truth:  get   model

test:  generate adjacency random numbers .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  place   increase
truth:  place   nodes

test:  create a database return the postgres server .
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  remove one of the data that is present in the for a dict .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  adds a true_params to a search_service_pb .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  adds   formatted
truth:  adds   rate

test:  get the bench name for bench bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  run pep8 on system code .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  runs   notes
truth:  runs   asset

test:  release an current pre-amplification value from an equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  get transformed paths of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   sluggified
truth:  get   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  delete a server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  runn fix in windows .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  the absolute path of a module .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns default .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  returns   contact

test:  creates a zero-filled :class:cupy .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  generate beautifulsoup ast from config .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  mutate   pulls
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of a group .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get redis pattern cli example: .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  get the first provider or raise if one exists .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  check whether the get_score already had a proxy value .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return a list of changesets and line number of fastq .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  makes   assume
truth:  makes   header

test:  generate a random string with random numbers :return: a random string value of the random integer value .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  retrieve the provided contributions to the system .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieves   inserting
truth:  retrieves   calendar

test:  return the inverse of inverse elements .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  redirects to the given job .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  aborts   uploading
truth:  aborts   job

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove the last value of data from nonwhitespace .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  return   query
truth:  return   position

test:  set up the test suite .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  has   checkout
truth:  has   way

test:  return the value of a variable .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  pulls   simplifying
truth:  pulls   range

test:  read a file from the given filename and return as a list of tuples .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  read   batch
truth:  read   code

test:  generate an affine file after each image in *fname* *fname* .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  converts   quotes
truth:  converts   map

test:  compute the trimmed mean of the values in the sample .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   simulate
truth:  unset   spec

test:  return true if the def is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return the indices of non-zero elements of an array .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  split dyadic .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  convenience function for generating stability .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  estimate   offset
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  uninstall a python package .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   map
truth:  uninstall   implementation

test:  recursively pack an argument into a list .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  pack   switch
truth:  pack   list

test:  mock scenario .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns data from django .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   stores
truth:  escape   name

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  return the about all about the about page .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns an ordered dict of css dependencies .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   write
truth:  returns   dependencies

test:  find all connections in an iterable collection using the given iterable .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check if the only contains uncommitted files .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   whitelisted
truth:  returns   repo

test:  log and raise an error with a logical formatted message .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  is path outside base? .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  does   labeled
truth:  does   file

test:  deletes an exploration .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   coordinates
truth:  deletes   exploration

test:  determine if a column string is a column of the specified column .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  return   standardizes
truth:  return   byte

test:  returns the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  check that a plaintext password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  parses a content string and returns a configuration object .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  parses the word into a 2-tuple of html .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  recursively switch a files using the gram-schmidt .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  used   customized
truth:  used   salt

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   pulls
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  test that an exception is invalid .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  exit   pulls
truth:  exit   null

test:  trained types: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  converts a creation sequence in the graph with the equivalent of a dense graph .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return plot with its axes .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  used by erf/erfc all the second files into the global log file .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  write   small_stmts
truth:  write   line

test:  create a collection of hosts .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  reserve   allocate
truth:  reserve   user

test:  a wrapper around django .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  return the given rss url to run for the given site .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  uses a tornado http client to async version .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   barcodes
truth:  uses   http

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  do position of a sentence .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  function   query
truth:  function   position

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  all modules view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  serve the given file .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  serve   sleep
truth:  serve   files

test:  retrieves sort keys/directions parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  retrieves   review
truth:  retrieves   keys

test:  some amis and desired arrays .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the running services cli example: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  get   deflate
truth:  get   config

test:  delete an option value .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  merge many keys in dask using a task in dask .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  returns the module object to the specific module in the beets or none if the module is not found .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  retrieve   encapsulate
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  group a sympy expression with type converted into a group of expr .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  dictionary   default
truth:  dictionary   part

test:  the address of a system .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  override   rendering
truth:  override   routines

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  provision a node using the source code .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  return the which binary specification of a network device cli example: .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  the the the the the the the character pointer is chosen between 0 and the decoding correct value is the expected range of the gpus buffer .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  convert a time value from the epoch of seconds since the epoch .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for rendering opcodes .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   safe_octal
truth:  sets   class

test:  log a message usage:: log the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  run the rabbitmq application .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  test applying a cluster with permutations .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  compute the nroots fraction using nroots .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  compute   roots

test:  create a corresponding string for corresponding to the given payload .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  list the packages currently installed version or a dict:: {<package_name>: a package to be installed .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  check that certificate is valid and can be a valid certificate .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  filters the provided paths and add the files to the provided directories .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  add   sleep
truth:  add   files

test:  creates a dir_name dictionary from a protobuf group .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  make   redirecting
truth:  make   entity

test:  effect size for a string to draw a sampleid .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  draws   regressiont
truth:  draws   index

test:  retrieves the amount of megacycles for the specified audit .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  get   decorating
truth:  get   log

test:  returns a list of installed float if docfield is a new one .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  determines   reinitialize
truth:  determines   subset

test:  if a url contains a priority of the url .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  get the options given by the salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  check if the ip making an ip address is inside the cidr address .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  validate   based
truth:  validate   address

test:  read metamorph data from file and return as json string .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test that a response can be installed by the file:// schema .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  test   labels
truth:  test   transform

test:  given volume properties .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  retrieve   building
truth:  retrieve   tag

test:  return the database record in database .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  retrieves   clip
truth:  retrieves   record

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  add   cause
truth:  add   option

test:  return a surface structure describing a 4 set of points .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  calculate   ignores
truth:  calculate   meg

test:  disallow default function that should not cause us .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  insert a new element into a new element .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  return dataframe year : gdp_yoy : pi :(%) si :(%) industry:(%) ti :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  return   unzip
truth:  return   year

test:  conditionally return a string with prefix .
truth: return env . 
test:  return   accept
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  return true if file exists .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  the first element in a sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  sort   supports
truth:  sort   text

test:  gets user name and profile according to profile .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  allow handler to intercept page about session and redirects to the session cookie .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  renders   occurring
truth:  renders   authorization

test:  returns the default component of the requested component .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  returns stream encoding of given stream .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  must or update montage .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  help   pulls
truth:  help   null

test:  the function to be used with scenario 2 and 3 .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all inbound outbox - all inbound nvidia|amd|ati| .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  deleting a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  pulls   express
truth:  pulls   -

test:  check if a service is available at boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fit the coil position parameters .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  fit   offset
truth:  fit   parameters

test:  determines if a comprehensive is enabled or not .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the alternatives integral of the passed rule .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  move to the server configuration from the current keyboard .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  attempt   gzipped
truth:  attempt   completion

test:  revoke user privileges from a user .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   theorem
truth:  revoke   privileges

test:  project version detail view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   bring
truth:  project   page

test:  down a complex message for a "repeated" protocol buffer .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  make   parsefile
truth:  make   descriptor

test:  open a new image at the given db .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  fetch   redirecting
truth:  fetch   entity

test:  logical_and_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of published identifiers .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  recursively recursive quality types and sort them .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  maps   configured
truth:  maps   tree

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of series expansion of p modulo o .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  pulls   renders
truth:  pulls   series

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  run the main function inside the vcenter .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  doji star .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the load data to an existing jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  creates a new plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  use as a decorator to make methods that use sync .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  like perls .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  wrap integer with a syntactically name .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  substitute   pulls
truth:  substitute   null

test:  test that hugs uuid can be correctly applied to uuid .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  tests   pipe
truth:  tests   validator

test:  get the list of available network device .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  the loads the studio tool shed to the received shed .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  collect   restoring
truth:  collect   data

test:  convert an uri to a os path .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  check if a system version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  check   crack
truth:  check   _

test:  some simple test cases that are not static .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  test mne arithmetic cov from a identical instance .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   climb
truth:  test   covariance

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  list all breakpoints returns a list of all available breakpoints .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read in the file data from hdf5 file as a read group .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  try   rising
truth:  try   group

test:  deletes a query it .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  display a comment .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  handle   abstract_declarator_opt
truth:  handle   submission

test:  generate a directed dict where the number of adjacency nodes are circular .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  generate description of logical data .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  checks matching of matching filters .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  checks   instantiate
truth:  checks   arguments

test:  test whether two urls can be same .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   form
truth:  add   side

test:  elementwise natural logarithm function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  return all the keys in the selected database cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  returns a list of topic trees that are not linked to courseware .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   stops
truth:  returns   topic

test:  decorator that instantiates a callback with the given threaded threaded .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  helper function .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract nothing from mako templates .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace explicit chars of whitespace in s with spaces .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  request to have students as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  request   currents
truth:  request   state

test:  factory function for making binary methods with the inputs of numbers .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  construct a file with the given name and redirect credentials .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test installing current package with same directory to a same directory .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  compares two versions of specified package is a dataset .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  compare   poll
truth:  compare   versions

test:  truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  truncates   supports
truth:  truncates   text

test:  test the dataset report with imbalanced datasets .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  return a dictionary that can sort of a dict .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  reverses   pulls
truth:  reverses   null

test:  validates that the given password matches the expected hash value .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  hashes   terminate
truth:  hashes   password

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   stderr
truth:  gets   machine

test:  return a dict or raises an exception if it doesnt exist .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  returns the country calling token .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  y_true the mapping file with a list of mapping .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  return a list of the cluster names from the log file in a log file .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  unicode-safe a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  adapted   lambda
truth:  adapted   django

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download version should be a
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  remove a static key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  return a list of nodes that are on the graph .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  returns   permutation

test:  helper function for erfc .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  return timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  test time period options .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  reboot a message to a pending system .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  return whether the x is supported by abbreviated .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  is   plucks
truth:  is   window

test:  make sure all the common depth of the given module is finds and the same attribute of the given depth .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  harmless setup against each setup .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  return details about the vpc peering connection .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  return a tuple or folder location from a source file .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test valid color expansion .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   supports
truth:  test   text

test:  serialize a python data structure as a string representation of obj .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  convert text to binary string .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  make   hover
truth:  make   bytes

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   rollbacks
truth:  decide   desktop

test:  handle different indexes for a differentiate matrix .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  folder the folder id for the folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  returns true if the input is related to facebook notifications .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  linear correlation comments for the gradient function .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  get data view from mne object instance like raw .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   permutates
truth:  get   epochs

test:  returns a dict of all the metadata for a bucket .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   resample
truth:  looks   directories

test:  convert days since epoch to bool .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  collect dask array many many directories to a list of adding/removing .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  pulls   blink
truth:  pulls   zip

test:  allows a string of the operators for the input buffer .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  return   drops
truth:  return   call

test:  test updating the meta data cache from activated cache .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  test   post_save
truth:  test   metadata

test:  helper to apply a model configuration item from a configuration item .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  computes the rank of estimate of the standard error function .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  gives   pulls
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a test case of css files and generate the sys .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  equation of the two files .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensures   sleep
truth:  ensures   files

test:  return a list of all available theme names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  determine if the socket of a socket is still written as the socket .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  returns the user colour-coding if the current user has a datetime .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return a list of meters by project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   correct
truth:  execute   async

test:  create a new repo for the parent of the safe_ process .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  get changed files from the pattern .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  run   point
truth:  run   status

test:  decorator that specifies a testtools if a decorator is set .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the build platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get all volumes belonging to a service .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  helper method to determine if a url is suitable for a explicit url .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  sets the configurations path .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   define
truth:  sets   path

test:  takes iso 8601 format and converts into a datetime object .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  clean the nans of a generic 2d numpy array with scores .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  initialise a scenario that will initialise and return a scenario .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a iso evaluators evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  only load if the check module is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  turns on sys .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   inputhook
truth:  fix   sys

test:  this makes sure that all the conflict that are being guid .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  check   lcmv
truth:  check   models

test:  fixture that simulates the etreefx .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  avoid url parameters in reverse with keyword arguments .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  pulls   simplify
truth:  pulls   urlresolvers

test:  test whether an absolute url is an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  test that the content report to the given topic .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  perform a bridge or conf array of interfaces on the specified interface cli example: .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  detect whether the provided repository revision is a malicious revision changeset to load the repository from a known_hosts revision revision .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  context manager to temporarily disable a signal handler for the daemon .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  get a list of serial values for an item or if-none-match and return it as defined in a string .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  return a string representing the paths platform .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  checks   map
truth:  checks   implementation

test:  require a portage package to be installed .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  deregister the compiler class with the given class .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  remove   label
truth:  remove   custom

test:  use a simple single test to beta .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  demo   created
truth:  demo   mode

test:  get the dot product of the first kind of the first two or a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  submit a machine to its queue cli example: .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  wrap   uploading
truth:  wrap   job

test:  steps that match groups takes them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   swallows
truth:  create   fault

test:  return the discrete log such that x = a to the discrete fourier transform .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  parse results specific to the clade proportions .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  pulls   lcmv
truth:  pulls   models

test:  channel acknowledge section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  rebuild reduction .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get an ssh key for root to an esxi host via http put .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  retrieve   inform
truth:  retrieve   entry

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  we need to construct an xml document from our node .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  performs harmonic clusters on a given axis .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  for syntax which will still be moved to the given file .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  rewrites   capturing
truth:  rewrites   error

test:  legacy the file system buffer to contain a specified flags .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  context manager to sleep some time it will be called .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates that the given model validator contains a validator .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  validate   post_save
truth:  validate   metadata

test:  use an action to wrap multiple action to make sure that we can use the filter .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  filter out a django set .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  yield   enroll
truth:  yield   iterator

test:  fetch from a given path .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  query   review
truth:  query   keys

test:  return a sphere matrix that can generate a single sample .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  return argument untouched .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if the powershell is powershell .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  determine   authenticate
truth:  determine   powershell

test:  returns a new svm_model object that is built by the formal code .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  returns the length of the word in a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  adds   carve
truth:  adds   word

test:  imports imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   pulls
truth:  imports   null

test:  print procedure of the procedure .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the composite transform of a and b .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  build a configuration dictionary with a google argument .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  build   stays
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  display the usage .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  prints   compose
truth:  prints   usage

test:  return a value for rest interface .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   shared
truth:  deserialize   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  checks the field keys off .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  normalizes   retrive
truth:  normalizes   checks

test:  executor the splittag tree .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  run   lambda
truth:  run   django

test:  estimate matrix for pairs parameters ar : array_like residual coefficients : array_like coefficients of number of observations ar : array_like number of parameters ar : array_like coefficients : array_like coefficients
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the name of the process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  name   instantiate
truth:  name   arguments

test:  return a list of active repository .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if a user exists on the database .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  checks   fallocate
truth:  checks   admin

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   autoreleased
truth:  executing   types

test:  creates a form field from a form field .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  start a machine by name .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   stderr
truth:  start   machine

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  execute a remote process as a shell command .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  allow for okay to use in a web request .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  configures   offset
truth:  configures   parameters

test:  updates last_started_state_editor_tutorial to the current datetime for the user with given user_id .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  records   allocate
truth:  records   user

test:  run a command from the comments file .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  find   dataframe
truth:  find   comments

test:  compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  create a cffi pointer for a cffi type .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  convenience method for adding a process to a child process .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  detach   colorized
truth:  detach   context

test:  test installing a wheel .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  returns the description of a python structure from the input lines .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  drop the new utility .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  clear   responds
truth:  clear   database

test:  returns true if *obj* is of the given object .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  shortcut   pulls
truth:  shortcut   null

test:  dump details of a given launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  lowess fit a 3d surface of the lower linear probability distribution .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  returns the directory statistics that owns a given disk usage .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  clear   looping
truth:  clear   node

test:  return a checksum of bytes .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  collects a set of parameters for a given graph .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  replace   offset
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the windows computer description :return: returns the computer description .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   unpublicizes
truth:  set   description

test:  convert the value of a given array to a given column column .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  convert   overwrites
truth:  convert   shape

test:  decodes a slice string into a list of the equivalent .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decode   enhanced
truth:  decode   object

test:  given a multipart/form-data .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  encode   flow
truth:  encode   fields

test:  deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructtimestampassetid" .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   search
truth:  deconstructs   d

test:  setup the wink sensor .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return a list of all upageviews revisions .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  given   capitalizes
truth:  given   revision

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 installed .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  construct a version ports with custom log2 log2 and custom gate header .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  legacy the behavior of --local --format=columns flags in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   been
truth:  test   format

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   remove
truth:  save   history

test:  get the user from the request .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a context manager which yields the supplied connection to an existing connection .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  change   bench
truth:  change   value

test:  restart the named service .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  restrict input type to the positive argument .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  restrict   teardown
truth:  restrict   type

test:  wait to wait for a prompt to send it to notes .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  make   draft
truth:  make   prompt

test:  styled warnings with a deprecated .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  wrap   promote
truth:  wrap   warnings

test:  registers custom check .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  add domains and domain provided .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  registers   estimating
truth:  registers   domains

test:  adds given settings as the template_name to the given value .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  adds   solve
truth:  adds   settings

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  setup the binary sensor platform fo enocean .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  it should extract a step correctly into an array of steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  assert that the apps in the main process are getter .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  browse   utf-8
truth:  browse   argument

test:  set up the simplisafe sensor .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  determine if the source is fixed in the database .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  check   looking
truth:  check   operator

test:  generates spherical polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  coefficients   acquiring
truth:  coefficients   bessel

test:  retrieve url of ['keystone authentication .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  try   access
truth:  try   url

test:  reads bytes from the given file and returns a byte string .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  check if there are any items in the list and kwargs are present .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the configuration steps from the database file .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  forces x to be converted to iterator .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  return a binary image where the x is a demonstration .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  returns the line of the 1-indexed column .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  change the old slashes cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   embedded
truth:  change   example

test:  create an association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  step that always fails .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  create a new network cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  test fortran-style exponential with strings in lines .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  convert the clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  pulls   evaluate
truth:  pulls   clip

test:  test that the python 2 works as expected .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return a list of all untracked files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  remove interfaces bound to zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   paging
truth:  remove   interface

test:  always flatten a single map from the response body at the given body .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  check if user does not have closed cart or closed .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  test the simple test runner .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  are we being iterable .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  view to return a list of all the locales for a user .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  disconnect signals from discussion .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   extends
truth:  disconnect   signals

test:  return a set of strings .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  create a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  list   tells
truth:  list   vdis

test:  determine the default stim of the default stim instances .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  default   go
truth:  default   channels

test:  clear cache from the minion based on the master .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  add a new slash element to a request .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  make a hadoop code given a python code .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   reconstruct
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep and set the openstack finder .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  put   encode
truth:  put   mac

test:  check that a collection is sorted by a collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   attempt
truth:  make   extension

test:  convert a graph to a http string .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  creates   ridge
truth:  creates   qcolor

test:  control configuration in the cookiecutter travis setting .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   alignment
truth:  update   section

test:  simple wrapper around vcenter .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  look up a tail file .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribe a user to a creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   allocate
truth:  subscribes   user

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   stacking
truth:  restore   grid

test:  returns the linear interpolation from a .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  sort   map
truth:  sort   implementation

test:  register a service .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  filelink: path can be instantiated .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  compute eigenvector centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  get a callback for converting a datetime .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  computes the max marketing targets between x and targets .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  -   sparks
truth:  -   number

test:  remove the file senderkey from the file senderkey .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  deletes a key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  return the package id for the given package name or id .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  change the user uid .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send all packages that have already deactivated .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  deactivate   downloading
truth:  deactivate   package

test:  send email with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return a list with keys of the given pid .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  load the specified backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  installs   downloading
truth:  installs   package

test:  ensure we can tokenize the right entry point .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   mignotte
truth:  ensure   things

test:  uses the button to check the correct program files start with a given file path .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  ensure   invokes
truth:  ensure   works

test:  create an autoscaler for the managed autoscaler .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  check if user can download report .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  tests   allocate
truth:  tests   user

test:  optimization to support .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a string containing all possible process .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  process   equalize
truth:  process   email

test:  create an attribute from a list of tuples .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  recursively reduce the values of a dict .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  return info on an image cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get all privs cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  get the dot product of a complex operator .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  add process_memory_map here to the greedy distribution .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  format the given screen .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  format   encrypt
truth:  format   screen

test:  makes a miller-rabin approx for a given image and a quality score parameters probs0 : if true .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  returns the version string which is used to represent the versions .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  decorator to execute a docker client .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generic generic profile .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  determine if two floating point equals a and b are equal .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  check   collecting
truth:  check   b

test:  return whether the user exists .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if the specified path is svc .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  get the long .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  initialize the global model bookmark .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   lcmv
truth:  initialize   models

test:  add group type access for group type .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get path to standard mne-python data .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  display the tls address .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the maximum of the maximum value along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  returns   variance

test:  parse a text directive xml text into a tree .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  generates the activation from the activation even defined by samples .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  compute   mimics
truth:  compute   activation

test:  get the given function by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  remove slash or ?unc path from path .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  group report by permission to edit or report .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  view   rising
truth:  view   group

test:  set the value of the constrained to defaults in the grains .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   vms
truth:  edit   thread

test:  exclude classes in event components .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  exclude   tsv
truth:  exclude   components

test:  create a pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  get the values of a given 1-d np/scipy .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network device inventory information .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   igor
truth:  print   device

test:  create a new blockdeviceapi .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  validate   cleave
truth:  validate   providers

test:  retrieves the the desired gateway of the instance that represents a class or none .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  transforms a tar surface or string into a destination directory .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  transform   splitting
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will translate a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get notification notifications from doctypes .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  non-nested boundaries .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  verify   summarize
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  a test view that raises an chargeback if the request is not a restarting shutdown .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  convert a dotted field name to a default dotted path .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  used   dtype
truth:  used   arg

test:  user password hash .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  allow for correctness algorithm to find movement in user["friends"]; since a power function .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  expand   constrained
truth:  expand   functions

test:  get the status of a user .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  read metamorph stk section of file .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns the list of lists of the same groupings .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  delete all the dom files .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  clean   assume
truth:  clean   header

test:  get due date based on subscribe date based on subscribe date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  this sets up a simple dbms application .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  about the editable about page .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  converts a datetime object to a int timestamp .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  the identity ini client .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  returns true if the process can be used to render a file for a multiprocessing .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  store the descendants of a given instance .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  context manager that changes the current working directory to a given path .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a fixture that will run the database .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  fixture   emit
truth:  fixture   access

test:  replace all of the generated module path .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a list of courses sorted by mock number .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  generates a file name for the current vim cwd the directory to given file .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  tell the finder a function variable .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a value into a node .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  display   looping
truth:  display   node

test:  ensure a github user is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  patch information on file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  converts a container id to a container .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  assures   satisfy
truth:  assures   container

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  parse a show flags value of a dictionary of flags .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  dump info about the info .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  test pass .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  assert   dispatch
truth:  assert   operators

test:  update email marketing marketing .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  enable   unserialize
truth:  enable   integration

test:  run comic log set in the changed module .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  implement   inplace
truth:  implement   ovs

test:  configure the default address for a port .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  calculates an image size for each pixel .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  get tool shed from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  resize the promo image at the given image .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  resize   forwards
truth:  resize   image

test:  jpeg data in jfif format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  cache of line issues in a cache .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup covers .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  return the string contained in the setting admin_media_prefix .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  get   urlencode
truth:  get   item

test:  write the given metadata to a file descriptor .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  user info page .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  call the function or chained on a sequence of items .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  chained   float
truth:  chained   decorator

test:  drop out empty files that will be different .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  set the global providers providers to be used as an existing connection .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  populate   responds
truth:  populate   database

test:  a signal that is assigned to the user .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  get *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* individuals .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  load observatory database from sites .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  writes the message to the log file using the trace standard .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   randomise
truth:  writes   message

test:  skip test if the test decorator is false .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  run flowgrams in any sff format .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  clean   labeled
truth:  clean   file

test:  create and initialize a astroid function .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  like wsgiref .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  rebuilds   access
truth:  rebuilds   url

test:  create the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  tries to call a function .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  print   considering
truth:  print   debug

test:  map x to a 1d value in y .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  convolve   patched
truth:  convolve   y

test:  check if two hitmask are unique .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  check   patched
truth:  check   y

test:  remove the given recursively .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  recursive   activate
truth:  recursive   delete

test:  load all vispy .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  checks whether part of a part is probably lines .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  test when warns doesnt choke out extra whitespace .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  leaves unless the transaction manager is not in managed transaction mode .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   loads
truth:  rolls   changes

test:  computes the natural bit of the gamma function at the given vector .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  compute the writes line computes the major/minor between the targets and targets .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  given   bitcast
truth:  given   boxes

test:  kill : process .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  blend an image .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  blend   indicating
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  calculates the absolute value of the boolean array .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  write a file into a string .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   restricts
truth:  get   inset

test:  code mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  check that sparse sparse matrices works as expected .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  fetch an fetch from a database .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  validates all quotas for the nested driver .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  validates   demonstrates
truth:  validates   setup

test:  assign prefix for the completions per method to a given object .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  get user copy of the current desktop icon .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  setup the enocean light platform fo enocean .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  creates a list of all [x]html tags for supplied list of django .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  take   drawing
truth:  take   tags

test:  parse an html fragment and return a dictionary of the form values .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  used   exposes
truth:  used   values

test:  return a set of latest elements contained in a .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load page from an application .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  try to get the system encoding used by the locale .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  encoding   pending
truth:  encoding   default

test:  show the selinux file or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  delete an existing user .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  delete   referenced
truth:  delete   bookmark

test:  return the outliers of the given string polygons .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a string to a valid python name .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the deployment .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  given a string value .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  normalize univariate average .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  profile   plan
truth:  profile   profile

test:  creates a function that is topojson between events and x .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  convert a user name to a user name or id .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   was
truth:  convert   uid

test:  returns a :class:flask application instance configured with common functionality for the application .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  returns   roundrobin
truth:  returns   application

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   routes
truth:  computes   chebyshev

test:  gets the results of two tokens in the string .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  dedent the indentation of the given strings .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  dedent   gauss
truth:  dedent   strings

test:  handler to log user .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  wait for redis worker to become redis .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  compare surfaces .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  pulls   sentiment
truth:  pulls   bem

test:  write a tree to a stream .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  print   configured
truth:  print   tree

test:  organize out commands .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  yields   exploit
truth:  yields   duplicates

test:  computes elementwise reciprocal of white matrix with zero segmentation this is a bilinear case of the input distribution .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  return the hash of a file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  quote text for inserting into a shell of the words in double schedule .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  text   supports
truth:  text   text

test:  get a oauth token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  return a nuttall .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  determines if cell is currently being used as a valid tp .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  check   computes
truth:  check   cell

test:  log a message .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  a generator that yields corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  toggle data register state d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  helper for use of candidate models to find the filters in the given data according to the list of attributes .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  return   centers
truth:  return   labels

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  a decorator that calls func with given function .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a string consisting of the default database .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  given a 3d application .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  sign   mutes
truth:  sign   app

test:  returns a wsgi engine based on the database .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  load   mixed
truth:  load   engine

test:  deprecated! moved to the given http header .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  search for releases and return a dict with a work-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  plot a figure on the figure .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   reported
truth:  plot   function

test:  extract a set of trees that have trees for the given trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  search   configured
truth:  search   tree

test:  get all packages found in the root package .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen argument_expression_list rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  pulls   facilitates
truth:  pulls   postfix_expression

test:  removes the local context for the local stack .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  removes   deconvolves
truth:  removes   level

test:  write the fif information to a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   populating
truth:  write   info

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   tend
truth:  get   chunk

test:  given a string for an interval .
truth: factory function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a data by name .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   travel
truth:  find   vera

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  encodes   skipped
truth:  encodes   use

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  helper function to give a cache directory from an optional key .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  in the csrf request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  return the current instance of the named service .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   flattens
truth:  verifies   output

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  read item until it is sock .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   extracts
truth:  read   socket

test:  returns the list of core apps .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  get a subscription by the first finds of a topic .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the system bypass the ipv6 address will be ipv6 address .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  add   ensures
truth:  add   anything

test:  accepts a mime buffer and returns a tuple .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  adds the db autogroup to the queue .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate a path from the specified hash file .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  a decorator for creating a default context .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  does the dirty attribute of data .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   do
truth:  convert   hashes

test:  return a overwrite function which is called from a /dev/devicename .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python source node .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  evaluate   shared
truth:  evaluate   string

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test no items .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  test   unpatch
truth:  test   matching

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   iterates
truth:  escape   comment

test:  convert an integer into a 16-bit integer or a string of bytes .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  *true* *true* if one element is *true* .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test whether a path is a final part of the .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  used to echo strings to session .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  echo   reported
truth:  echo   function

test:  ensure a security group exists .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  create some docked of interactive window if the /etc/opkg/* preference say we should .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   plucks
truth:  create   window

test:  reboot a node if vms is enabled .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  reboot   squared
truth:  reboot   vms

test:  return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_var_name* .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   alter
truth:  return   mock

test:  create a volume object from the display migration .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  load the module instances for a given module .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   switch
truth:  load   list

test:  return a boolean of whether or not the system has been changed .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  compute validation on unnamed dict of label .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  compute   deprecate
truth:  compute   cpu

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and the rest of the path .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  deprecated   flip
truth:  deprecated   python

test:  check to see if name exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  creates the upper policy for the matrix .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  find   holding
truth:  find   policy

test:  yaml: dynamic-choice dynamic dynamic string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return true if the image is on the system .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  type: - list: a flattened list of all searches - "information_schema" .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a dictionary of build arguments .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  normalize   extract
truth:  normalize   version

test:  stop section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   alignment
truth:  stop   section

test:  get the name of a module .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check for the existence of the specified table in the table and return a valid table for the specified table .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  return a suitable request from the url if it is on the current request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  parses   access
truth:  parses   url

test:  get the evaluated float .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  comb a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  returns the type with none that have at least none .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  helper function to hide a dictionary button to be passed in the documentation for the given menu .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  hide   resizes
truth:  hide   icon

test:  recursively copy the item from a list .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  pulls   svn
truth:  pulls   dicts

test:  return a string such that it has already been replaced by the file .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  quotes   utf-8
truth:  quotes   argument

test:  build and return tree at no_input=true no_input=true .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  return the total latapy of a clustering graph .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  unsolve watching a question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  accept   reauthenticates
truth:  accept   answer

test:  run a test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  to return a list of available items cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  template   constrained
truth:  template   functions

test:  returns a output from plaintext]\n'if to display it .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  export   located
truth:  export   method

test:  set mongodb file for permutation_test_score .
truth: process part . 
test:  process   default
truth:  process   part

test:  converts first_name to lowercase .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  convert   submitted
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  find the most recent in: pdb pdb .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  deletes one or more spaced versions .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  update   poll
truth:  update   versions

test:  ensure that given existing database is present name the name of the given }isabsentandwillbecreated' name the present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  test when a process with a yaml file is an exit .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  import the class from the class .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  test country of transformer .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the beginning of this object info .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  allocate an uninitialized timedelta timedelta .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   pulls
truth:  allocate   null

test:  convert a path from a bucket .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  read the flat parameters from a file at a given file .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   offset
truth:  read   parameters

test:  retry test .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  provides the number of provided jail for a given process .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  table with col starts and with table class .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a storage object with the get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  generate a random integer with the number of x .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   implied
truth:  generate   seed

test:  returns a list of unique elements of the item in a list .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  test the variable with missing variable .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  check   randomise
truth:  check   message

test:  remove all discussion tab from the course if it exists .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   cut
truth:  remove   tab

test:  convert string into an integer .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  extract   search
truth:  extract   d

test:  decides whether or not the page is passed .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  prints all the results in the core .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   understemmed
truth:  prints   results

test:  produce websocket upgrade .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  try   fix
truth:  try   websocket

test:  initialize the release level .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  clone   decompresses
truth:  clone   flocker

test:  jacobian matrix for the network .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  function that processes vendor board twb-sf-881 uptime is 14 weeks .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   pushing
truth:  obtain   model

test:  quit from input .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  quit   clones
truth:  quit   server

test:  sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  check out the required nearest nearest nearest nearest event .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  output a password page .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  check if the configuration files to be destroyed .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  builds   freezing
truth:  builds   configuration

test:  download and build fasttree then copy it to the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   coerce
truth:  download   swarm

test:  return the absolute value of the sqrt(n) with coefficients removed .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  module function to generate a hash of the given password hash algorithm .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  commits the menu url and return a __namespace__ one .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  shows   compressing
truth:  shows   menu

test:  print in getdefaulttimeout .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the thread to which the thread is asynchronous .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  initializes   ellipsoid
truth:  initializes   pool

test:  return a trivial graph of a cycle .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  checks if item is of an instance of the rat class .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression ge shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks that debug is only used for defining a logging level .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test reading raw skycoord files .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  search for search and return a dict of paths that we can find the given file .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  grep   labeled
truth:  grep   file

test:  returns a subdictionary object from an environment variable name .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  converts a regex name to a python identifier .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  converts   failing
truth:  converts   style

test:  ajax endpoint to search type .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  search   slave_open
truth:  search   media

test:  the program .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  drops   allocate
truth:  drops   user

test:  a context manager that provides a parallel api calls .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  patches   assign
truth:  patches   requests

test:  unmount a one or more devices .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  remove files from the system path specified to the directory recursive signature cli example: .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  reset   colorized
truth:  reset   context

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  check that a string of the major matches the python version .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  sets a message level log level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  create a mode we created for some custom created .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  add   created
truth:  add   mode

test:  model a case where there is no concurrency while uploading .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  checks if a string is a valid agent string .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  pulls   obtained
truth:  pulls   clients

test:  check that the fields of comments are available .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to bench .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns value decoded from dbms specific hexadecimal representation .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  decodes   bench
truth:  decodes   value

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function representing linear differential .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  associate current auth with user with provider details using the db .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  return   inform
truth:  return   entry

test:  encode a string to unicode .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  get the latest version of the latest version of the given subprocess .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return the snmp data from the snmp snmp .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   prepares
truth:  disable   router

test:  gets the current api key and acts from the linode api key to the current sdist api .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  show   stopped
truth:  show   statistics

test:  attempt to find the base url to the os sdk are running .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  marks the current context as wanting instead of the current context object as first argument .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns the content for a cached location .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  retrieves   darken
truth:  retrieves   piece

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  return   utf-8
truth:  return   argument

test:  count the number of times a string .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  counts   returned
truth:  counts   numbers

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  normalizes some 8 8 values to a given list so that they can be interpreted as an ndarray clip .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   restrict
truth:  normalize   array

test:  compute the circular standard deviation for samples assumed to be in the range [low to high] .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   containing
truth:  allocate   ip

test:  returns the shape of a keras tensor .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of a dataset of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  adds a new descriptor instance to descriptor .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  sets   defines
truth:  sets   attributes

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  produces a nn initialization string .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decorator for handling point only controls .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  test when unknown completion completion .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  decorator which asserts if the specified aggregate exists .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a dersequence object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decode unicode to ascii string .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  flattens   pulls
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  generate the dict of the filenames that should use the columns of the feature .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the expectation representation of a given expression .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrap some text for inclusion in a template .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   supported
truth:  wrap   paragraph

test:  install the certificate keychain the certificate keychain the keychain to remove the certificate to install the certificate to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   traverse
truth:  install   cert

test:  restart the specified command .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  display a command in task .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  print   constrained
truth:  print   functions

test:  decrypt the int for multiple aes .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  make a fake registration .
truth: register the device . 
test:  register   igor
truth:  register   device

test:  compute the length of the matrix from a given file .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  hash   recreate
truth:  hash   portion

test:  helper method for getting whether a given user can access the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the length of the shortest path between source and target using the given source .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  get sys .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  adds a fake payment_instruction to the database .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   compare
truth:  create   payment

test:  a factory to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  delete containers for a container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  remove   mounts
truth:  remove   objects

test:  load the module modified from the master module .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries first dictionary in d2 and d2 .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  returns the escaped text from node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  merge a sequence of dictionaries .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   reallocation
truth:  merge   collection

test:  delete an object or raise if namespace or object doesnt exist .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  returns the textual dataloader of the discussion xblock metadata for the specified xblock .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  a decorator that marks the function as exempt from being automatically authorized to call an action function as not requiring over the given action .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  hack   using
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or many roles to a user cli example: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  grant   serves
truth:  grant   roles

test:  import module or none .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  prints out user instructor instructor for a resource .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  gets   negate
truth:  gets   resource

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   gauss
truth:  test   strings

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   uncheck
truth:  multiply   element

test:  it should extract a step correctly into an arbitrary step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  recursive function for chops the form of a string and returns a compressed string with all consecutive 1 .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   shared
truth:  ask   string

test:  convert an arp ip address to a given mac address .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  pulls   combined
truth:  pulls   ipv4

test:  get dns hash from some os cli example: .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   catching
truth:  enable   quota

test:  get whether events is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "restart events is engaged cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   fitnesse
truth:  displays   events

test:  same as int(ceil(float(x)/y)) .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  computes   imports
truth:  computes   coefficient

test:  progress section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  progress   alignment
truth:  progress   section

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  attempt to identify a permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  optimized   calc_footprint
truth:  optimized   strip

test:  parse the expected arguments to a function or not an output .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  system information type 8 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  run a port on the server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  gets an sms with a number of smtp digits .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create an incomplete exponential on the fly .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   yield
truth:  returns   bool

test:  takes the notes data from the config file and returns a tuple of the specified offset .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  iterates   show
truth:  iterates   notes

test:  test recovery ica ica twice .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test if we are properly installed .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create a json story that can grant from each queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   populating
truth:  attach   info

test:  update the version in the record .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  update   returned
truth:  update   numbers

test:  example strategy instead of tracks .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  sends   nested
truth:  sends   segment

test:  ciphering assignment section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  ciphering   alignment
truth:  ciphering   section

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to unique local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  determine the modules to use to dynamically v .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  calculate   minpoly(add
truth:  calculate   words

test:  return a path to the vmware urls .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  determines   tracks
truth:  determines   urls

test:  add square with two pixels around pixel dictionary to pixel dictionary with plugins .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  return true if we are running on the minion .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  click a page with an explicit page and wait until it exists .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  make a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  echo calls data .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  echo   pulls
truth:  echo   null

test:  add prioritize to the given query string .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  yield   prioritized
truth:  yield   messages

test:  helper function to iter .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  iterate   flow
truth:  iterate   fields

test:  returns all courses courses courses to a course .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  list   disconnect
truth:  list   courses

test:  returns theano variables as a number .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  simplify   array
truth:  simplify   computation

test:  used by ldap user in ldap .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  conform a lock-read-*-write-unlock .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  prepares   redirecting
truth:  prepares   entity

test:  same as x .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test whether basic application input .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert the input value into a boolean like so: >> make_boolean true >> make_boolean false >> make_boolean true >> make_boolean(0) false >> make_boolean(+) true >> make_boolean(-) false .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  write a packet .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  write hash information to a file .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  takes   labeled
truth:  takes   file

test:  execute riak and return its stdout .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  ensure the named grafana is absent .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   uploading
truth:  ensure   job

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  parses a file or sparse feed .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  read   pasted
truth:  read   feed

test:  delete pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  insert conda environment .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  disassociate a floating ip .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  returns the integer code of the given triad .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test bootstrap of bootstrap config file with no config settings .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  function that measures the cross entropy between the target loss and the output: see :class:~torch .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  internal logistic loss function x and save it as dot .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  list unique elements .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  get all user information .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   isolate
truth:  get   policies

test:  set a certain message to be called when the process is detected .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find fmts type by fmts .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   exposes
truth:  find   values

test:  test classes classes .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  gets the region from a phone number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  find   execute
truth:  find   region

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  generate image array of outputs vectors for a certain image .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  generate   parens
truth:  generate   figure

test:  subtract two rows of dy characters of dy characters .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  print a string representation of a python string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   shared
truth:  print   string

test:  encode the user module and make sure they are custom .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  returns the size of a device .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether the user is logged in .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  build a set of valid variables .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  extract   pocsuite
truth:  extract   n

test:  given a dict mapping values to their callback .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  returns a np .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  standard error is not affected by taking some time .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  parse a filename string .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  parse   wanted
truth:  parse   filename

test:  returns a prefixloader .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  get a list of the info of a configuration .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  find the host from the xenapi host reference .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  construction a string containing a cookie list .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   orders
truth:  generate   alias

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  decode an http response body .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to path .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   translated
truth:  write   g

test:  get datetime object for a given expiry date string with the following expiry * .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  show   focused
truth:  show   dates

test:  fixture which provides a fake config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  get the interrupt notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  generates the alternating group on n elements as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   rising
truth:  generates   group

test:  remove all logs from the current buffer .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clear   hacked
truth:  clear   buffer

test:  given an exception prefix .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  generate   randomise
truth:  generate   message

test:  return the line number of the given file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  format text into a line of text .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  displays   returned
truth:  displays   numbers

test:  get item from object .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  get all table names from database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  return the class of the line numbers that are defined by the given date .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  preface and convert an svg file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  make a minimal thread with a thread on network_id .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  set the given properties on an group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  mute -> handle resolve nodes and handle all the post fields to a test .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  ignores   restart
truth:  ignores   account

test:  returns a random text based on the prefix .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  helper function for checking whether a field is of a field or not .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  check   produces
truth:  check   identity

test:  parses a single date period from the given width and return legal date .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  pulls   dereference
truth:  pulls   width

test:  write data to a file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  return true if the filename is a zip file in the zipfile .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  log base straight straight straight for this module .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  initialize   freezing
truth:  initialize   configuration

test:  returns the rows .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  find   highlight
truth:  find   row

test:  returns a list of line strings .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  testing that the double quotes with double quotes = double quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  revoke a task .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   requesting
truth:  revoke   i

test:  return the difference between two attributes .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  comparing a command .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  load the redirect to the login page .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   colorized
truth:  load   context

test:  checks that the supplied error is a valid datastore .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test that a table with unbounded columns .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   located
truth:  mock   method

test:  parse the file at list of word indices and return it .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  adds "name" to namespace or clears components: thrown by name .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  populate   flattening
truth:  populate   field

test:  given an object .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  returns   outline
truth:  returns   hex

test:  cast arg or an argument to a type value .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  attempts   contributed
truth:  attempts   t

test:  returns a formatted time string .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  pulls   childnodes
truth:  pulls   timestamp

test:  a view that renders a bootstrap messages for a plain bootstrap .
truth: show django . 
test:  show   lambda
truth:  show   django

test:  create a dependency from the dependency configuration files .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  detect   define
truth:  detect   path

test:  run the given and determine if the given object is a list of names is none .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  language class supports french .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  reset warnings in a warning table .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  set   pings
truth:  set   behavior

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   uplink
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   hanging
truth:  initialize   variables

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  setup   attriute
truth:  setup   stdout

test:  return a list of the progress element of the given path .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  takes a list of labels and returns them for majority possibility .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  assumes   centers
truth:  assumes   labels

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  retry   reported
truth:  retry   function

test:  congestion section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  control   alignment
truth:  control   section

test:  returns a list of default handlers from the default .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  requests a users user environment .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate a string of random characters .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  just reverse the current search search history .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  open the cached dir from json .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  loads the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  run the command and run its output .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  helper function that converts a string into a message string .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  test find-links as a pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  decorator that catch a stack and all user:pass@host#profile:port .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  pulls   isolate
truth:  pulls   policies

test:  parse a dict of delimited values into a dictionary with lines from os .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  get the list of available instance sizes .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  this function normalizes a l2 so that it can be used to sort the input .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns the wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  profile an image by name .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  return   plan
truth:  return   profile

test:  converts a byte string to a byte string .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if filename is a any file in the attempt .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  returns the wikipedia wikipedia name from the prefix and a prefix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   labeled
truth:  execute   file

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  performs a permission requests with the given signature .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  retrieves   assign
truth:  retrieves   requests

test:  executes a user prompt .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  statement : bad&rule .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  tries to guess the latest attributes from the file .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  returns the matfile string that the given version of the given version .
truth: return major . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  load a configuration file .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  returns true if primer in primer .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  if the edit view should be filterable by filterable .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  countermonotonic bivariate copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  takes f from a file or a string and returns the corresponding unix mode .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  retrieve the ethernet pkt for a given association .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  find   talk
truth:  find   packet

test:  generate an or-ed series of shifts for the first count digits .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   trims
truth:  generate   shift

test:  finds the attribute of an alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  attempt to find the base sr and return the contents of the python script .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  convert a dictionary of lists into a new version .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test that the processed function is properly .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write the middle refs file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  generate   restarts
truth:  generate   refs

test:  determine if the tool is a datasource tool .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   inquire
truth:  returns   tool

test:  takes a draft name and returns a dict .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  raises valueerror if coefficients is not a scipy .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  check   hits
truth:  check   filter

test:  set a warning to the given dict and return a run: one .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  get a sort string for a collection of characters .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  applies   proctored
truth:  applies   sort

test:  check if the configuration is available for the ansible configs .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  checks   sleep
truth:  checks   files

test:  context manager for temporarily delete the given theme .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  add   stubbed
truth:  add   headers

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   containing
truth:  fragment   ip

test:  generate a list of tests to a test suite .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  generate   carry
truth:  generate   test

test:  returns the indices of the given two individuals .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  get   reallocation
truth:  get   collection

test:  get dict of matrix lines .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  returns a list of unique id from the input data .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  returns   learns
truth:  returns   seqs

test:  return a file descriptor .
truth: lock file . 
test:  lock   labeled
truth:  lock   file

test:  generate a hash at the given hash at the given hash token .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns coverage grid for an instance .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  returns   parameterize
truth:  returns   integers

test:  adds a suffix to an toc suffix .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  change the home directory of the user .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   leave
truth:  setup   switch

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   markdown
truth:  lists   vlan

test:  convert a human readable text into a human readable string .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return the composite transform of a and b .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  add an element to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  check that the only one of the array should be nan .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  sort the given list/sequence of values by their values .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the default string for the value of a widget type .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that a python object has been updated .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  return   describing
truth:  return   listener

test:  compare two images .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  verify that the transport for an transport fingerprint for which the host is to look up .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  direct the loop lists in the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   decoding
truth:  direct   lists

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  move items in support .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  wait until a function has been reached .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  call   interprets
truth:  call   intervals

test:  unpack lines .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  unpack   optdict
truth:  unpack   lines

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an externally configured host device .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  return a validator for the value of type regex .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  wrap   borrowed
truth:  wrap   instances

test:  gets the description for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  maps keys for attachment summary view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  to exit the specified host system in maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  take   preloading
truth:  take   host

test:  return a continued length of a continued fraction .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  returns   finished
truth:  returns   fraction

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content nodes in a topic .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  generate a set of points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  creates a breadcrumb from a list of modules .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   act
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the simplified loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  parses a tag into a datetime .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  expect a python object by name .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  fixture to provide a recwarn .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change tablespace and port to a user .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  change   performs
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  change the radio channel for a group id .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  deal   overrides
truth:  deal   channel

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  try to find the current directory to the given desktop path .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  preload a bunch of song .
truth: get streams . 
test:  get   establishes
truth:  get   streams

test:  get a string with respect to human readable unit .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  convert   heres
truth:  convert   frequency

test:  require the system user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  converts var and chr to theano .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  check   autoreleased
truth:  check   types

test:  check whether the tour is complete .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  calculate the test statistic for a given rectangle .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  function   ban
truth:  function   probability

test:  helper function to return if a url is used .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the first kind and its derivative .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  sending message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  create a new thread .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   tweak
truth:  returns   replacement

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  return user information in writing dictionary to a project .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  format   allocate
truth:  format   user

test:  given a url .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  canonicalize   access
truth:  canonicalize   url

test:  private dispatched uses the erfa effect .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  determine if a device path is a virtio .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  validates that key names is actually attempting to decrypt determining special characters .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validate   urlencode
truth:  validate   item

test:  provide the options for the hfa filter hfa .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  provide   forbid
truth:  provide   options

test:  given a "host:port" string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  validates   stream
truth:  validates   returns

test:  restart the zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  boot   start
truth:  boot   zone

test:  parses a graph from the filename .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  load   aliased
truth:  load   json

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   bench
truth:  escapes   value

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   hostname
truth:  get   vm

test:  return the indefinite integral of f in x_j in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  set the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  return single document .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  return   gunicorn
truth:  return   frappe

test:  get a path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  determine if the given ip address is shortened .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  api: accepts name .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  show the contents of a fiff file .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  a special directive to check if a special directive contains references to be used in a special directive .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add items to a page if one is true .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  adds   tsv
truth:  adds   components

test:  generate an html path from the html path .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  map   define
truth:  map   path

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   dataframe
truth:  scan   comments

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   executed
truth:  dispatches   dictionary

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where should be supplied as a
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  return a given array of zeros .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get a float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  install zfs on a task .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  create and initialize a test suite for use in tests .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  function   carry
truth:  function   test

test:  returns true if the message has a particular there .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  new web form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  determine whether the oauth local domain contains the provided pathwildcard dict .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  generate correct constraint for types and typeconstraints .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  return the default zone name cli example: .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  print   skips
truth:  print   connections

test:  computes the time difference between i and to_value .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  convert the etree element of a mime-type element .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  converts   uncheck
truth:  converts   element

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   mounted
truth:  read   end

test:  upload files in 'pythonsetup .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   clones
truth:  upload   server

test:  test a simple timeline .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert an index to the nearest set of values .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  fetch an downloads downloads from a repository .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   mounts
truth:  fetch   objects

test:  preface and convert an svg file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  checks for file with the given code if not present .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  check   acquires
truth:  check   pep8

test:  get the index of the given list of commit inside the given rank .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  get   annoy
truth:  get   rank

test:  determine a symbolic link for the data with a suffix of the file .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  run a command in a given figure .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  cast an integer to an integer .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   archive
truth:  convert   member

test:  flatten variable with length of normalized_name .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  reshapes   simulating
truth:  reshapes   input

test:  delete terms for terms .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  destroy the session .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  destroy   command
truth:  destroy   session

test:  returns a list of all named nodes from the given graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  generate a url to glance with the given ref name .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  return index of the highest value in a list .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  converts an image into a network image .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  mean   pulls
truth:  mean   null

test:  return a copy of the python script names in python 3 .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  completes   bartels
truth:  completes   contents

test:  function to decorate methods in order to make a bound method with the given name .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  get and display the text for resources .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  fetch   bans
truth:  fetch   resources

test:  given a request .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  gpu is exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  test that the file syntax can be sorted .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  try to split a private server .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  try   multiply
truth:  try   paramiko

test:  returns a set of all the roles that are ordered in the given result .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   grouping
truth:  retrieve   system

test:  returns true if the given timestamp is equal to redis .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  filter   reverts
truth:  filter   age

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  overwrite routes route and kwargs .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  tries   astring
truth:  tries   route

test:  returns a k[x] .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  check if csv is valid csv file .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  create and verify the db .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  add a git support .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  resolves   unparsing
truth:  resolves   git

test:  class decorator that dont cause a function .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  test   writing
truth:  test   ironpython

test:  one-argument the html function for atomic increment/decrement to the given module argument .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   reported
truth:  define   function

test:  sets a key in memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  test that the returncode timeout works .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of local or element of the given tag .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   drawing
truth:  return   tags

test:  test missing argument .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  a smarter cache for parsing token keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  based   base64encodes
truth:  based   djangos

test:  converts to ascii .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  return   logarithmic
truth:  return   slug

test:  get et size from the package .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  fetch the branch from the working directory .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  fetch   pending
truth:  fetch   default

test:  parses a dict .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  log   inf
truth:  log   download

test:  display a main main method .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  testing   flip
truth:  testing   python

test:  returns the users login from the rest of the server .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   named
truth:  get   z

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{list} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  downgrade the v1 db for the given v1 .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  square the aspect ratio of a fits image .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  return a knob audio string for a movie .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  creates a generic page from a url .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  inject the given tags .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  injects   label
truth:  injects   custom

test:  if a merge and no bundle can be passed .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  missing   coupling
truth:  missing   target

test:  overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  update the named user .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  config   deflate
truth:  config   config

test:  check an caller for a role with a role which has an existing role .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test whether the rules will be run inside the request .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  determine if the path is a ieee link .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  subroutine to create a double frame with a galaxy_test_file_dir name .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  create   goes
truth:  create   frames

test:  given a view function name .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  retrieve quota remaining quotas for quotas and probability usage .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  sets up the sess .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  set   finished
truth:  set   fraction

test:  check a document on a domname .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  append   physicists
truth:  append   suffix

test:  can groups .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  return the sum of the elements of an iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  returns the size of the given object .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list with tree .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  returns the proper graph name with checksums or by the proper one .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  convert   hover
truth:  convert   bytes

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  create items in dict by predicate .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  create   constrained
truth:  create   functions

test:  reload the given request .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  pulls   determine
truth:  pulls   projects

test:  simple rejection/acceptance function .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  returns mobile message id .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  create a finite random variable with a raised cosine distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the name of the backend handling this request .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  backend   tear
truth:  backend   module

test:  takes the images and returns a plain numpy array of images .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  determines   print
truth:  determines   approximation

test:  container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  get comparison in order to sort key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   limiting
truth:  get   order

test:  a phone number is needed to represent a phone number for the octet of grouped .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  traverses management api to find the profile id .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  fetch   search
truth:  fetch   d

test:  nice -> string return a sequence of characters in string .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  join   gauss
truth:  join   strings

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   sqlmap
truth:  checks   limit

test:  return a path corresponding to the scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  parse a files entry point into a dict .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  set   db
truth:  set   annotation

test:  run a single command under the zero thread .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   read
truth:  run   variance

test:  returns the path to the submit submit prefix for which packages file is installed .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  supplied   pulls
truth:  supplied   null

test:  helper to restrict too returned to expressions using a forward operator .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  restrict   looking
truth:  restrict   operator

test:  read in the file .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  create a new addon with the given name and the kwargs set to create an icon for the addon settings .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  create   whitespace
truth:  create   addon

test:  normalize the pipeline id .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  normalize   called
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  retrieve a resource from an api .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieves   eliminating
truth:  retrieves   cache

test:  return a flattened list of the elements of a .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  parse   based
truth:  parse   address

test:  render a template with callable .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  search for a given index in the system .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  create all the target under base_dir .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  sort mapping grib by the given size by size .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  helper for checking if a given kind contains a new preprocessor .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  pulls   callback
truth:  pulls   variant

test:  start logged-in the currently logged-in for youtube locale .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test that latex/aastex annotations with raw projection repository .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  return a conn object .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  converts a string value to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  given a range in the range of a set of date .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  return   standardises
truth:  return   period

test:  get error on none .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  error   dos
truth:  error   search

test:  return the iso memory key to get vm .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   commit
truth:  return   repository

test:  test the installing a package with a satisfied does not install .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  does   list
truth:  does   dependency

test:  add intersections of the loops into a sorted list .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  unmount a source of the given target .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   forgets
truth:  unmount   filesystem

test:  convert a given url into a dict .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  takes   access
truth:  takes   url

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   lets
truth:  encoding   handler

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   knapsack
truth:  raise   request

test:  checks if calls is a shell command or not .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  updates viewpoint metadata .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  return a list of available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  simple entry point .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  dispatches   reported
truth:  dispatches   function

test:  extract a single key from a list of modifier approach .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  return the orbits for the same way as the optimizer .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  some html tags around some tag .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  print   fitnesse
truth:  print   events

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns a graph with free mappings for a store .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  test whether filename is a hidden file or a dotted path .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  print a list of / xml tag .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  find the cover of the container .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  print a list of notification .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   solve
truth:  print   settings

test:  a function for sending a tree to a given node .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  format the given dictionary .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  pass   instantiate
truth:  pass   arguments

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns the schema in a dict whose keys are validation .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  generate a token to the sha-1 key .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise the default resource class .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media library list from media list .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  get   wheather
truth:  get   library

test:  given a directory or paths .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  given   coupling
truth:  given   target

test:  return a connection to the api endpoint .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  grab   revoked
truth:  grab   details

test:  get all the loops going through the circle intersections .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   recognize
truth:  get   centers

test:  removes the string at input .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  test that a container is installed .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   resulting
truth:  disable   workers

test:  return copy of the sample namespaces .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  provide   makes
truth:  provide   namespaces

test:  fetches all of the students which have due date in the given course .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  display   bring
truth:  display   page

test:  the linear inequality constraint ieqcons .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  get absolute path to base .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   executed
truth:  increments   dictionary

test:  given file or an object .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  return   parsefile
truth:  return   descriptor

test:  show the details from the specified config file cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  update the path to the regular expression .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  update   consisting
truth:  update   link

test:  helper to run a module in the __main__ namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  display a dialog .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  display   shared
truth:  display   string

test:  check the paused config .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  scans all the paths in the tree except for files in a given directory .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  save the entities to the keys in the app .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  go   review
truth:  go   keys

test:  build the testcase for a test class .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  create   turn
truth:  create   case

test:  is it an empty body .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add a new file to the given path .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  launch the given connection .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  indicate that a cipher is already cipher .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  instantiate   enhanced
truth:  instantiate   object

test:  api: accepts name .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   added
truth:  p   p

test:  considering the euclidean distances between x and y .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  format a message to a string .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  check if a file does not exist .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a temporary file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  compute the incoming metadata for a locale .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  returns a generator that can be used to unstaged .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  walk   regressiont
truth:  walk   index

test:  return a list of samples for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  embed an album into the items media file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  grab the name of the binary were running in .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  grab   stores
truth:  grab   name

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  complete all rules traffic .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  complete   switch
truth:  complete   list

test:  evaluate a mesh by the first two float numbers .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  return the sha1> of an integer difference between a and b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  turns a string into a base and abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxy .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  build the list of questions for the given template .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   r^2
truth:  build   form

test:  convert a url-safe token to an ordered dict .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   label
truth:  convert   custom

test:  create a grid from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   mutate
truth:  create   column

test:  given a rule name put .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  add   insert
truth:  add   targets

test:  returns an absolute uri to an absolute path .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   trimmed
truth:  build   uri

test:  return the pack ports port .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  unset unset exception if exceptions are not ok .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  check   capturing
truth:  check   error

test:  initialize the history .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  a docstring for the stack trace that fetches the stack from the stack of a stack .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for the event .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   recompose
truth:  get   carve

test:  helper function for 404s in a association record .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  solves   small_stmts
truth:  solves   line

test:  request with the given task identified by a course process .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  small_stmt : intconstant | identifier .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  return the hard context for a given variable .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  modify   colorized
truth:  modify   context

test:  test a line of rgb while we find the right line for rgb data image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   plan
truth:  test   profile

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   target_expressing
truth:  delete   question

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert loc to eeg hemisphere .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  capture the responder .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  select   spawns
truth:  select   endpoint

test:  read and return the contents of a text string .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  send translations to a translation .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  append   gunicorn
truth:  append   frappe

test:  try to find the config directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  provides valid qos specs .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  given   aligns
truth:  given   volume

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  handle the first item in iterable that will be returned .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  execute   something

test:  tstd of chi-square .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  generate pseudorandom random characters .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  generates   stores
truth:  generates   name

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  fixture to setup the cpu backend using the cpu profile .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  takes a string containing a separator according to the current locale .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  prevent   pulls
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  get a boolean value of a url .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  convert integer to integer .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  find   linkify
truth:  find   integer

test:  get the value rounded .
truth: get the round . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  applies the patch viewer on the given dataset .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  create new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   wheather
truth:  create   library

test:  find the access flags from the string .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  transform   translates
truth:  transform   flags

test:  show the system xml files in the gluster xml .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  perform   authorizes
truth:  perform   command

test:  parse a dict .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  images images of the max function with vertically targets .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  check if any files exist .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  send email from the email address .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  send   enrolls
truth:  send   destination

test:  converts a unix timestamp to a datetime .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  is   suppresses
truth:  is   seconds

test:  run the test suite with the above tests .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  runs   compiles
truth:  runs   suite

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  load   imap
truth:  load   repos

test:  the confidence interval of the linear activation function .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  pulls   input_fft_v
truth:  pulls   normalization

test:  returns a list of zookeeper locations for zookeeper .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  compute the node boundary of nodes .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  test that batch can be listed as a fixed bounds .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  return the allowed for the formats .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  checks whether the field is an errors .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  like dict .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  like   crack
truth:  like   _

test:  send a message .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  send e-mail when a user is adding a public email address is not none .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return the epsilon .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the number of the sync layer in the cache .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  makes function to ensure that the clip f in a clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  checks whether white is white .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  creates a dictionary of certificates for students students with students task .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  if holiday weekday .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a domain name for the given query .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   bench
truth:  generate   value

test:  checks whether a user can be written to the special validator .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  check   initialized
truth:  check   notification

test:  suppress code that temporarily disable stdout .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  given a username .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  give   switch
truth:  give   list

test:  send a notification about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  return if we are datetime arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  return whether running system is running .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   flip
truth:  returns   python

test:  uses the system point to list all another program .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  construct a clip with the given domain .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  a more useful to determine if the object is of type types .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  is   safe_octal
truth:  is   class

test:  monitor a specific selinux module to see if it is present in the running name the name of the user to delete .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  an entry point .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  construct   command
truth:  construct   session

test:  write a git to a git file .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   unparsing
truth:  write   git

test:  generate an instance for a script .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  tell tell logging .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  tell   pulls
truth:  tell   null

test:  poll until a specific predicate has been reached .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   suppresses
truth:  wait   seconds

test:  validates the provided properties in the plain dictionary and print a schema which can be processed data in an instance .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the list of available instance sizes .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete an es elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via macports command brew .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  checks if the given node is a valid booting .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  setup the gpsd component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  return true if the given function node is subclass of the given super .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  yaml: delivery-pipeline requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment version plugin <docker+build+publish+plugin> .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  extract the cr version from a versions table .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a controller to a proxy .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  validate a logger uri path and get the logger name .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   define
truth:  validate   path

test:  require an upgrade oracle .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return version from firewall-cmd cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  write a fake undirected undirected triangulation .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce nodes in depth-first-search pre-ordering starting from source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   increase
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  parses a translation matches .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  matches   pulls
truth:  matches   null

test:  serializes an input variable to a keras tensor .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  square   intialize
truth:  square   root

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  create a virtual machine on the vms .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian angle matrix in for a particular actor axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  computes   file
truth:  computes   rotation

test:  stochastic relative strength index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the hostname that a modulestore setting for the given request .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  returns   branch

test:  consume the iterator .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  consume   pulls
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a given type .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  coerce   yield
truth:  coerce   bool

test:  ensure that all internal values of the lhs function .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  blocking isend .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  blocking   raises
truth:  blocking   send

test:  given a thing .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  pulls   mignotte
truth:  pulls   things

test:  takes text in a document and fills it in a python string .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  pulls   gzip
truth:  pulls   markup

test:  circle perimeter perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   capa
truth:  generate   circle

test:  check if a pid is running in /proc .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  check   snaps
truth:  check   pid

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get a storage instance .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  loads and commits the configuration provided .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  installs   forwards
truth:  installs   image

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  get a relative file from package to bootstrap .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   forgot
truth:  bootstrap   project

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  get the mongo options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   smash
truth:  compute   corner

test:  a decorator that wraps substitute .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  pulls   rolls
truth:  pulls   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  download tid: from stanfords for file .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  given a beets query string as a list of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  make a template class for attribute *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   safe_octal
truth:  make   class

test:  checks if the given filename matches the specified template .
truth: test if . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  add like user to an object .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  expands :setting:celery_routes setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  register classes into the new class as the default value of the given class .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  get the default yarncluster variable .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  set modified on the type changes .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  sets   enhanced
truth:  sets   object

test:  get the snmp parameters from the snmp device .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  retrieve   pending
truth:  retrieve   default

test:  find an empty stanza using a iterable of iterable .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  associate   enhanced
truth:  associate   object

test:  return a list of for all the violations in this vmware environment .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  find a file or its path .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  looks   wanted
truth:  looks   filename

test:  converts a modular to a tuple of integers .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   gauss
truth:  converts   strings

test:  return a string containing the python implementation major .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  get a locale to the linux distribution .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert chunks of chunks to width of size cross-shaped to width with c algorithm .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  divide   packed
truth:  divide   chunks

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 format .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  restful options to emit custom fields .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  emit   forbid
truth:  emit   options

test:  connect to an elb server and request a new development environment .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  a wrapper around oslos trycmd() replacement for positional and print them .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  enables   roundrobin
truth:  enables   application

test:  get event manager from media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  return the line number of the current line .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  delete a topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   stops
truth:  delete   topic

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  decorator that adds a function to a span with a given name .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute the homogeneity score for each slice .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  definition : type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  replaces instances like limit m .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  get the path path .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a string representing a time in milliseconds since the epoch in milliseconds .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  adapted   pulls
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   resulting
truth:  get   workers

test:  like os .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  apply   default
truth:  apply   part

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  check a precision vector is positive-definite .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   cleaning
truth:  check   matrix

test:  update the repository reference .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  generate   populating
truth:  generate   info

test:  return coordinates of following pic for given pic .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  m is a symmetric integer which has a positive integer vector .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  given   parameterize
truth:  given   integers

test:  wraps an exception handler .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  make sure that the given message is not available .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  get the default group type .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  sends an email to staff creation .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   enumerator_list
truth:  send   confirmation

test:  add an argument to the command .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  adds   utf-8
truth:  adds   argument

test:  create a random set of values in which are mandlebrot .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  create proxy environment variable and bypass a proxy environment variable used for the proxy environment variables .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  reads grayscale images in a given folder .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   indicating
truth:  reads   images

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  convert a file into an arbitrary escape list of ~ .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  decode a list of default pairs into enough and then more than the default value .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  build   derive
truth:  build   templates

test:  load named entry from group .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  validate the environment definitions for ignored ignored in the ignored prefix .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  determine   fake
truth:  determine   load

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of test values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  return iterator over the iterator and iterator returning a data and iterator of length .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  return the given activity type .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  able to open the specified host and otp .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  authenticates   allocate
truth:  authenticates   user

test:  returns the base type for the given name and type .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  returns the configuration of the users on the device .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  extract all the flags from a consistency file .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  return   translates
truth:  return   flags

test:  return true if obj is a bpf .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  export roundtrip and export if roundtrip is not already present .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the csort sorting of key as a tuple .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  test that list of tuples works .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  quote the resolver .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  arg   dtype
truth:  arg   arg

test:  cache the write the cache of a disk in the cache .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  caching   maps
truth:  caching   locations

test:  list all the themes in the themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  query the list of results for a given pid and their actions .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  combine zero or amount of counters to amount .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  convert   rising
truth:  convert   group

test:  verifies that the credentials are valid on the target in this context .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  repeat a tensor .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  repeat   eliminates
truth:  repeat   elements

test:  list the running service owners .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  determine   simplifies
truth:  determine   packages

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  parse the .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   clones
truth:  parse   server

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   pulls
truth:  notify   null

test:  append the text to the scope of the given scope .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  append   supports
truth:  append   text

test:  get the version of currently installed version .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  given a clsid .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  read messages from standard stream .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  formats a time using suggestions .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   disables
truth:  formats   datetime

test:  plist : plist | newline indent stmts dedent .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  return list of fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  return   flow
truth:  return   fields

test:  reset the specified module .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  resets   pulls
truth:  resets   null

test:  return the full url for the given url as a dict .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  generate a random tmp file name .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  install a package with apt-get .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  mark   work
truth:  mark   install

test:  gets an array of arg from :mod:numpy .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  return true if the cypher matches the supplied key .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   shared
truth:  verifies   string

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is a authorized admin .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  backport of a normality .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  coerce   restrict
truth:  coerce   array

test:  helper to child a file descriptor asynchronously if possible .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  run grammar .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  show   offset
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator for methods that should only receive the decorated function .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  write a stream as a byte string .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  return a boolean if whether a string matches the each subject in the series/index that matches the given string .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   decide
truth:  find   groups

test:  get srt project list from already going to out-edge already exists in bars .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   lookup
truth:  generate   speed

test:  returns the markup filter name .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  gets the user_id for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  load compiler config .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  load an object from the file in npz format .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  we always support clang++ in a separate way .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drops   shutdown
truth:  drops   tables

test:  reads the dropbox folder .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  rendered   storing
truth:  rendered   template

test:  return the applet values of the given dict .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extracts   bench
truth:  extracts   value

test:  test that a new sample is properly with the fit_generator enabled .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  visualize   declared
truth:  visualize   samples

test:  returns true if a new user is a contributor filter .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  return the cumulative distribution of data .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  want to parse emails .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the deprecated facet for a given helper@maintain .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  returns html section for the given name .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  return the current item from the given object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  decorator for concrete decorator .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  wait for a lock to become available .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  pulls   constructs
truth:  pulls   lock

test:  generates a string of the current column of the given number of barcodes .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  watch a cache extension module with the given id .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   shed
truth:  given   exception

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  define a static string using the static and classmethod .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  turn a neighbor or a set of connectivity into a set of a*[x parameters: .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  returns a list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  convert a path such that .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   wanted
truth:  convert   filename

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  initialize a new user .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  used   config_modified
truth:  used   imports

test:  removes the login directory .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  utility method of the binary xor of the provided strings s1 and s2 .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the value of the elements of *x* .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  make   initalize
truth:  make   k

test:  returns a dict of ports ports and port ports .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  get   responds
truth:  get   database

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   forwards
truth:  set   image

test:  validate the password for a password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   been
truth:  validate   format

test:  converts obj to a datetime object .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  run unit tests .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  returns the most recently added platform on a system .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  returns   trailing
truth:  returns   flag

test:  get an object holding an object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  traverse a generator for starting values .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  renders markdown from text to html .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  unescapes   supports
truth:  unescapes   text

test:  parses the node where the first tab is the cubic .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  enforce   test
truth:  enforce   split

test:  displays some text from the two float .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  compute image image for image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  uninstall a list of packages .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  open a file in csv file .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  identify   cutting
truth:  identify   writer

test:  test that the transductive function works as expected .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure that its possible to pretty print out of the data as json .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request or fail .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate all uniform order statistic in a uniform order .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  pulls   attached
truth:  pulls   statistic

test:  adds mapping number of mapping values to conversion .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  add   shifted
truth:  add   units

test:  concatenate an object/categorical array of size slices into a set of arrays .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  split   restrict
truth:  split   array

test:  decode unicode .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  like   reported
truth:  like   function

test:  get the base class of an existing tables this utility function allows the given sender of the given sender module .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  given a discussion processor .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  classify confusion matrix into a list of given document .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  renders markdown text .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  render   pass
truth:  render   document

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  execute the venonats evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  cancels all the scan information .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  build the paths for a given kind .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  calls processes .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  log   request
truth:  log   control

test:  set named records that are currently associated with the provider datacenter .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  enables   emit
truth:  enables   access

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  takes   executed
truth:  takes   dictionary

test:  test plotting of matplotlib epochs .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  test   decorating
truth:  test   log

test:  slicing in *value* with the arr_from .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  fix   pulls
truth:  fix   null

test:  tests whether the grouping structure can be loaded .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  output   parsed
truth:  output   widgets

test:  call to run a user with the given arguments .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   barcodes
truth:  run   http

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  pads the middle dimension of a vcenter to a multiple of block_size data .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  apply   visit
truth:  apply   padding

test:  return the progress string of the match tag buffer .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   undoes
truth:  return   routes

test:  expand an integer into a list of powers .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   providing
truth:  returns   tensor

test:  an ssl service .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  processes   access
truth:  processes   url

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   evaluate
truth:  return   clip

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  generate all example directories .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  return a formatted string containing the paths and calculates the drop letter tests .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get quota usage dirty bit for a given resource and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  a task that can be used to create a firewall port .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  open file with given mode .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   removes
truth:  open   gzip

test:  given the standard deviation of the values .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   tear
truth:  doctest   module

test:  list partitions from a list .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  new location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  removes the string remove from the right of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   centers
truth:  extract   labels

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return information about the specified output cli example: .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the members from the group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  a decorator that marks a function for use distributed .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  adds an xml element to the tree .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  add   optdict
truth:  add   lines

test:  get an object holding the istree .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  predicate   remounts
truth:  predicate   obj

test:  leaves transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  fetches spectrogram .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  make sure the last sampling of split is not a scalar .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  input   injects
truth:  input   utility

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  load a movie from a movie archive .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  load   assemble
truth:  load   movie

test:  get the shortcut associated with a name .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  attempt to discover an output command and parse it to a list .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  indentation manager .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indent   reported
truth:  indent   function

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  add given flavor access for the tenant .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  returns zpool information on a named minion cli example: .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  provide   undo
truth:  provide   grains

test:  sets the active of the current thread .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  release   enhanced
truth:  release   object

test:  the mandatory cobbler module registration hook .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the vera camera platform .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  remove an attribute from the instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  delete   bench
truth:  delete   value

test:  change source string flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  change   translates
truth:  change   flags

test:  return the version number of the latest stable version .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  common administrators used to unserialize a given content in its status .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  add   surrounding
truth:  add   processor

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   looping
truth:  require   node

test:  determine whether the curve looks like a curve .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a constructor for a decoder .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a pretty file path .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  if the origin contains a cors string .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  load image from current image parameters problems : file url supports_recursive *fname* image name of image to load returns filepath array .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  returns the name of the script that owns a given script .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  returns the configuration value from the supplied config .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return a random string of random characters .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generates   guvectorize
truth:  generates   oauth

test:  this does not define a report that isnt turned on the input dict .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  pulls   coupling
truth:  pulls   target

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  escape   access
truth:  escape   url

test:  a decorator to save a method to an existing library .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  pulls   restore
truth:  pulls   cdf

test:  returns a string structure with the normalized structure of 2 .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  iterate   homebrew_packages
truth:  iterate   structure

test:  get the shortest extrema .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  same as a[b] .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  penn treebank raw model .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  return all lines of line with onlywhite .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns the size of a field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  extract   sparks
truth:  extract   number

test:  send information about each request to a pwd page .
truth: index handler . 
test:  index   lets
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  compute a point using the downhill triangulation .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  solve   estimates
truth:  solve   squares

test:  a decorator that adds a function to the default size of a cache user .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  set location of option .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  sets   transliterate
truth:  sets   variable

test:  turn a dictionary into a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   svn
truth:  merge   dicts

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  return dataset to the salt api .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  cast x to json type .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  list policies for the specified principal principal principal list of principal principal region cli example: .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   isolate
truth:  list   policies

test:  returns true if we only update from libcloud users .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get string with mako ijcv .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  retrieve   results
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  writes the value to a given file or a to disk .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  deprecated use threadstate .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  running   flip
truth:  running   python

test:  check if a file contains a rar archive .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return the machine-readable version of the named python .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  create a hug decorate for an unsupported .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  is   presents
truth:  is   mapping

test:  routing area reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches with the prefetcher object using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic approximation to plot the main axes .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  pulls   believe
truth:  pulls   spline

test:  a factory for generating one or more interfaces .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  run a command and return its filename in a new docker files .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  apply   sleep
truth:  apply   files

test:  export csv file .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  export   storing
truth:  export   template

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  return true if the given name is enabled from the schedule schedule .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  list   uploading
truth:  list   job

test:  install the specified app to the poudriere .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   search
truth:  install   d

test:  get information about the state of the given state .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  get the name matching the vcenter from name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  sort all the nodes of a node2 this is just a python int because we know the following: to avoid skeleton .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  visit   looping
truth:  visit   node

test:  create a generic parameter that contains an parameter .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dedent and left-strip .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  clean   comma
truth:  clean   whitespace

test:  get the inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  provides a generic validator that can be certain like it .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test whether a path is just a mount point .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   process_memory_map
truth:  test   buffers

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  opens and setup_py a db from the database .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  initializes   responds
truth:  initializes   database

test:  return the vms gateway .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  display a figure to a matplotlib figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  get   localize
truth:  get   reference

test:  tries to obtain a redis connection class from settings .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  detects image labels in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  constructs a klass from a grp .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  analyzes the document arguments: tex_root -- the path to the tex root as a string if you use the view instead .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  resource header for component views .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  combine left in left using a source space .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  check for missing hyphen .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  sign an serialized hmac secret .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  deserialize   bench
truth:  deserialize   value

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  returns python objects for the given json string .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  return a list of the modules from the kivy module cli example: .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that the test client can be resized .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator for methods which are only receive errors .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  function   unbinds
truth:  function   exceptions

test:  validates privileges to ensure that that the privileges are valid .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validate   theorem
truth:  validate   privileges

test:  run a task .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  outputs   generating
truth:  outputs   shell

test:  sets the total status .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  quit   equate
truth:  quit   browser

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  initialize the sigmoid matrix for the sigmoid clock .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wait for the process to be run when snuff .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translate one unit to the labjack orm .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  creates   reallocation
truth:  creates   collection

test:  tries to parse an http date format and return a yyyy-mm-dd formatted date .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 0 in the 2012 track track less than or equal to the average precision .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   evacuate
truth:  computes   precision

test:  check whether we will consider a repo with a size and return the tag for a size of a repo image tag .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  resolves   whitelisted
truth:  resolves   repo

test:  check for buf[ .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate the formatting of the special link for a given request .
truth: process one link . 
test:  process   consisting
truth:  process   link

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  interface to git-merge(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to rebase the path to the command line .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  print the set of aliases for an alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  prints   generating
truth:  prints   shell

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using detects links .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that latex/aastex outputs the correct answer in the case .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  determine whether the given parquet is a valid selinux parquet entry .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  detect   assume
truth:  detect   header

test:  convert the integer types in the method type(s) to an integer .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  calculates histogram of the same decomposition .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  split alignment alignment for alignment alignment .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  a version of a repo .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  removes the byte removing unused files from the directory .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  what a terrible failure! .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  runs a wsgi function as an scgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   reported
truth:  runs   function

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  show the size of a setext hint .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  fetches the login client .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  performs the message to the topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a username structure with a users username from the user .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  format the patchsets as a patchsets .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  pulls   works
truth:  pulls   selection

test:  merge two dict d1 .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merges   leaves
truth:  merges   dictionaries

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  test we can download a home map .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  kill receiver from receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   login_required
truth:  do   removal

test:  this handler returns a user for http request .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  update dns sensor .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  deal   called
truth:  deal   proj

test:  reset state of given users attempts to make it start from home .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   empty
truth:  reset   attempts

test:  returns the base directory of the sockfile directory .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  return subjects_dir avoiding avoiding directory .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the hash value by the given member .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  freebsd specific helper function .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  update import in db .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  a decorator that insures the same logic .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  given   fixes
truth:  given   manager

test:  replace entry point .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  function   inform
truth:  function   entry

test:  convert a string to a dotted ip tuple .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  function   zdt3
truth:  function   converts

test:  get list of active features by csp xss inline features .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run a network server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  benchmark that fixes a single configuration .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  run   rounds
truth:  run   benchmark

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a unicode string and is turned into a unicode object .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  put a list of recently published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   made
truth:  put   authors

test:  check that rvs variables are valid .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   guess
truth:  check   vars

test:  set the parameters .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  use   authorizes
truth:  use   command

test:  returns a thought .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  determines   bootstraps
truth:  determines   callable

test:  checks that the full class name is of the given category .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  checks   hash
truth:  checks   flow

test:  pass a file in a zipfile .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  test io for io computation .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   emulates
truth:  test   reading

test:  create a new function that ignores extra information about a method in a class .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  converts a taskqueueserviceerror into an error class .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  test extract_array validator .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  get a value from a resource .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  detect   teardown
truth:  detect   type

test:  list all zones .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  lists   resamples
truth:  lists   zones

test:  see get_help() .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  does exp contain a safe node .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  revert -> value in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  checks barcodes of same fields for valid fields also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or barcodes checks .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  generator in a sequence of unique elements .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  yield   tz_localize
truth:  yield   seq

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  an account confirm .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  normalizes the given unit string to a phone unit .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   simulating
truth:  normalize   input

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   video

test:  checks if a portage version is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  print a single most likely configuration of a zone .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  create the __init__ pidfile file .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  reads a file from the given filename .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  visualize   batch
truth:  visualize   code

test:  return true if code is subclass based on the following number of code .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  detects   pulls
truth:  detects   null

test:  a bilinear kernel to be used with arbitrary matrices .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  get syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   spyders
truth:  get   scheme

test:  looks to see if mdata-put is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  looks   fires
truth:  looks   mdata

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  simple upgrade date for the list .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  upgrade   pulls
truth:  upgrade   null

test:  only work on windows .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  test that the layer can be set and that state works with a dummy x .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  calls the provided urls .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensure master user is set to a ubuntu server .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  add the utm_* tracking url into a url .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  parse a corner layers and store the result .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  will wait for a share to happen .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  blocks   wake
truth:  blocks   msg

test:  returns the formatted style object .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  colorize   randomise
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  load project belonging to containers in project .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  load   raising
truth:  load   docker

test:  make matched text number .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  returns a list of files from the provided bucket data .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  formula --> formula .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  formatting   label
truth:  formatting   custom

test:  return true if the given node can be parsed from a libcloud node .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  return   flattens
truth:  return   output

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  checks whether the given datetime is a datetime .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  print out the label datum .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints out the frame of a frame .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a group type specs .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  list available cluster strings .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  return   joins
truth:  return   cluster

test:  list installed perl 'layman--quietness status cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  given a task .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   mount
truth:  wait   task

test:  convert a string into an ascii form .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  save the sorting file .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   forwards
truth:  save   image

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  creates strftime from a parameters .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong wrong type of wrong object .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  run a shell command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  exception handler for python raised exceptions .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  helper function to format a single changes made to orchestration .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  format   loads
truth:  format   changes

test:  parses a single logger logger .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  it should extract steps without the tag .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a oauth hmm matrix .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  checks   identify
truth:  checks   alignment

test:  basic %%file of slugify .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  return the version of a resource .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  sgi image in rgb format .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  set proxy values from proxy settings .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  set   object
truth:  set   facts

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   downloading
truth:  declare   package

test:  returns true if a pid is running in the process .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  sending entities in search query .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  displaying   understemmed
truth:  displaying   results

test:  test that passing multicolumn column in fill_values should not use the html hypothesis by the values of the previous column .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  redirect to assess/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  redirect   replace
truth:  redirect   create

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return disk format size in bytes .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  return a path based on its file path .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  a decorator for methods that automatically generated from methods .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  update an existing user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  load dict desired sample ids .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  context manager that asserts that a file is writeable .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  yield   labeled
truth:  yield   file

test:  returns a global server description .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  load   encapsulate
truth:  load   instance

test:  a context manager for back-slash .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  convert   capturing
truth:  convert   error

test:  returns a list of the results_dirpath to use with the given auth .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  find   link
truth:  find   factory

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  try   unparsing
truth:  try   git

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  encrypt a key with a private key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns an initialized proxyconfig .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  issue #1005: .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a json dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   debugging
truth:  convert   dataset

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  invalidate the translation changes made to the database .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  update   translates
truth:  update   flags

test:  creates a wsgi response from an application .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the given project in the given project .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  update   tile
truth:  update   information

test:  badrule : struct_declaration .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  convert a relative url into a string .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  extracts the volume info from the volume .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  test that ctypes can be tokenized as a template .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  get a list of the configured region ids from the database .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  retrieve   relabel
truth:  retrieve   availability

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  compute square-free part of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  run pip platform from the system path to pip .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   instantiate
truth:  return   arguments

test:  returns a tuple of the pootle zipfile .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  list   unmap
truth:  list   descriptors

test:  return the name of a objects .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  define a hard-link .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  compute an initial transformation for the data set of filename .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  filter   overriding
truth:  filter   dimension

test:  test the behavior of the transformation run outside the command .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  print the header line in the header list .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  undo configuration .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  undo   loads
truth:  undo   changes

test:  create a string representation of a python string .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  run the command .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  reads in one stream and returns a tuple .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  look   barcodes
truth:  look   http

test:  etag --> quotes in double quotes escaping contents .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   shared
truth:  wraps   string

test:  computes the unnormalized mean of the current linux distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  format a safe repr of a string object for debugging .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne report files .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  try to parse the streams for a vector .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  runs   initialize
truth:  runs   importer

test:  returns the node name .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  get an incomplete release id for a container group id .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  returns   instanticates
truth:  returns   releases

test:  finds contiguous true if contiguous is in mask .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create and return the real osc osc .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  find the names of a path .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  compute the degree of f .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  return all aggregated and general types which are not a queryset .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  compare versions of available versions .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compares   returned
truth:  compares   numbers

test:  estimate an array with matching limits of the var limits .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  start   decide
truth:  start   groups

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  returns   suppresses
truth:  returns   seconds

test:  returns a timeseries .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  extracts the first value from a type string and returns a tuple of for parameters .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return the number formatted for a specific locale number .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  remove tags from a resource from a resource name .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   unpause
truth:  remove   elasticache

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  compute normalized hilbert phase for the data .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  type convert val to python .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  convert   caused
truth:  convert   return

test:  read a thrift encoded string .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  trivially let the beacon load for the test example .
truth: always load . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  add unique id .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  create or update flavor .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  takes a list of dicts and returns the kml string .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  sets current audio output output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  selects   tear
truth:  selects   module

test:  test that a double requirements to a package with a requirements .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  converts a string to a binary path .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  a detail view for a project with various dataz .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  have   applying
truth:  have   placeholder

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  return true if data is a valid encrypted encoding .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return the full sdk of the given cflags .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  returns the purchase rate of a particular integer as integer representing the purchase .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a prefixloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  reset the plugin used by the module .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  a function that returns the *exprs of a connect to *exprs .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  transform   minimize
truth:  transform   theano

test:  return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  computes the harmonic mean of the values of the input array .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  generate an trust certificate from a certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  detect if the given function node is a decorator for the given decorators .
truth: function type . 
test:  function   teardown
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  pulls   renew
truth:  pulls   indent

test:  returns a metadef namespace .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  emit log past log each patch and the syslog created .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  make   broken
truth:  make   syslog

test:  fake version of os .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return the build platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  sends   maintain
truth:  sends   mail

test:  unload all of the two instances of the given list of values .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  draw draw server goes from argparse .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  return a list of regions from a given language .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  creates a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  get an sqlite3 connection to a db .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  show the details of a node .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  get   stderr
truth:  get   machine

test:  returns a response based on a dict of handlers .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  attach a console handler which spans to the logger .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get reservation database .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  determine if *uri* can be parsed from gcs to media uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   trimmed
truth:  return   uri

test:  get the parent field in the database .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  returns   fetches
truth:  returns   parent

test:  check if a given instance is an entity as a boolean .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the checksum for a package installed via a specified package .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  gets descriptions in the index of the text was detected .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   supports
truth:  gets   text

test:  returns the vm identified by the vm .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  pulls   hostname
truth:  pulls   vm

test:  write the html file using iter_fiels if it does not exist .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  output from successful command execution or none if contextlibtry is provided .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   pinned_array
truth:  output   execution

test:  write a binary file .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  append   enhance
truth:  append   items

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next datapoint in cumulative .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  return hosts and dataframe name .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  get polar from counterclockwise .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a dictionary mapping title to a language names .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  returns   advance
truth:  returns   title

test:  reads the file from the filename and returns its filename .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  helper function to serialize an object into some belonging to become helpful .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  remove file to given xml .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  view a wiki document of a specific document .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  extract   contructs
truth:  extract   sample

test:  create the cinder backup to use and append the resources to the configuration .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   implementing
truth:  connect   management

test:  test mne gui .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  import all submodules under a module .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   rel_path
truth:  import   submodules

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   reported
truth:  expose   function

test:  check for a sparse dashboard rows with the desired row and their names .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  rows   track
truth:  rows   top

test:  read text from the given file and return it :arg the resulting text string .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  reads   pulls
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  convert rst to html .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  renders   digs
truth:  renders   html

test:  helper function to check if the wrapped function is called in a function .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  checks   overlay
truth:  checks   func

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  read an ipv6 address from a ipv6 address .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  create a png object with a img *fname* .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  coupling with a new conv .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   overrides
truth:  coupling   channel

test:  check if a string is a valid domain name .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  returns   added
truth:  returns   p

test:  create a unflag .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  yaml: build-user-vars this plugin allows you to define "weight" on each build .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  read a filename based on a buffer .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  reconstruct   usage_key_string
truth:  reconstruct   view

test:  set the displayer .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  check the result of a method .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  column size for useless -> slice .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  remove   r^2
truth:  remove   form

test:  return a boolean of whether each string matches the series/index .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  filter an image filter .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  noise   saving
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an 'pui .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  set up the stubs at the provided api .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   pads
truth:  setup   stubs

test:  this is a zabbix zabbix zabbix for the confidence .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   pulls
truth:  draw   null

test:  test the behavior of pip show command .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  expect   simplifies
truth:  expect   packages

test:  takes a company name and returns a list of the + names .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  determine authentication of a users user .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  a simple view that has been logged in the celery .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  view   polishing
truth:  view   celery

test:  get solid geometryoutput by interpolationoffset .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  apply filters for the filters for the given start date in end .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  apply   printing
truth:  apply   locale

test:  download an archive for a given extension .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  learn more than one set of samples in the required .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  expected   rrmgr
truth:  expected   threshold

test:  write fiducials from a fif file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  generate the status of a endjob file .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  send   mounted
truth:  send   end

test:  test sys .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   tile
truth:  test   information

test:  extract the launchpad teams namespace uri from the given openid message .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   guessing
truth:  extract   namespace

test:  extract variables in step from a relaxed point .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  save line sensor .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  respond   assure
truth:  respond   challenge

test:  create a list of datasets of their columns .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  list   debugging
truth:  list   dataset

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string and unquotes it to consider the escaped and is the corresponding unicode characters .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  add   shared
truth:  add   string

test:  return the progress progress data for the named module .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  get   monkeypatches
truth:  get   bar

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  adds an chunks to an existing topic .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  builds the object spec object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  copies the file system on the partition <from-minor> to partition <to-minor> .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  removes   sparks
truth:  removes   number

test:  list policies via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   isolate
truth:  return   policies

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is available .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  fake upload .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  fakes   persist
truth:  fakes   upload

test:  inverse of integer n .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  pulls   pocsuite
truth:  pulls   n

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  extended   alignment
truth:  extended   section

test:  find the optimal number of a range in a set of rows .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  test key_dependency validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   plan
truth:  export   profile

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an instance .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  create a directory tree .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  start the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  stop   encapsulate
truth:  stop   instance

test:  parse "{name}={value}" text references into dict .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  returns an instance of the local draft for the user .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  get   forwards
truth:  get   image

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  creates the feed items for the feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  creates   urlencode
truth:  creates   item

test:  filter data accordingly as expression .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  pass   obj
truth:  pass   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  walk through a directory and walk python files .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  yield   unlocking
truth:  yield   source

test:  autocovariance function with performing linear mapping matrices .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong nn object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns the version of the python tuple as tuple .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup fritz!box call platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  colour of os .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  traverse an xml file and return a list of tuples .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  traverse   switch
truth:  traverse   list

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create private networks cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   customized
truth:  create   salt

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write all registered js js and coffee files to output root .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   receiving
truth:  write   js

test:  creates an eauth web page object from a cloud provider .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  adds the provided option to the lists of option values .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  is   pending
truth:  is   default

test:  reload the csf configuration .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  restart   embedded
truth:  restart   example

test:  updates the email with a list of email address .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generates the data for the users mean from the mean and variance .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   declared
truth:  generate   samples

test:  will listens the string output of a target file .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  pulls   dst
truth:  pulls   c

test:  extract messages from a document .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  return a random port number that can available on the socket .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  get   receives
truth:  get   port

test:  logs the user out .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  logout   lets
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read the length of a file into a string as a sequence .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  recursively sort a list of pids yielding back into their original point .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clone a vdi .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a powerlaw distribution .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  generate an hotp .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flatten an arbitrarily nested sequence .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  build an http state object .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  composes   bench
truth:  composes   value

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  creates a list of spectator for each service .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  recursively rebuilds an item in the list .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get the system path for the minion .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   retweet
truth:  return   pass

test:  check if version is installed .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return a formatted requirement dict of the parameters of an object .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  filter   optdict
truth:  filter   lines

test:  set color colors in color link .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  n344 - use mutable .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters and keyword argument .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   generate
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the communication between this http and the queue counts .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  write data from a file and write the result to data .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  render   publish
truth:  render   graph

test:  a convenience function used to test the connection .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  condense a string .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  remove   small_stmts
truth:  remove   line

test:  returns a bug which needs to be appended .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  check   thinks
truth:  check   issue

test:  generate lists of systemd method that will be used as a systemd method .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  generate   small_stmts
truth:  generate   line

test:  escape & .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function returns the text as the default cycle of the template context manager .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  is   extract
truth:  is   version

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   decide
truth:  retrieve   groups

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   digs
truth:  output   html

test:  shuffle a list of nodes in the tree ids .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  shuffle   switch
truth:  shuffle   list

test:  get the value of the server with the provided settings .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  validate the with standard code .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  get the login model for each user .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  take   relying
truth:  take   login

test:  run all outstanding nodes in a given tree .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  forgot username form page .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  look   text
truth:  look   username

test:  parse a string value and return a boolean value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  parse   unquoting
truth:  parse   environment

test:  get a unique free space .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  determine the endpoint for an active reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   spawns
truth:  returns   endpoint

test:  redirect to a url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  parse a line and extract an currently-executing message from the given string .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  return a probvec .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   ban
truth:  return   probability

test:  check if user is admin from admin name .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  gets the current underlying local machine .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  render a list of all the available tags for a user .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  returns   drawing
truth:  returns   tags

test:  get the gateway details in the contact .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  return   restart
truth:  return   account

test:  get last params for a certain line of the complex line and return last line of the incautious .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  look   named
truth:  look   z

test:  linear unit function .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  compute   uncheck
truth:  compute   element

test:  get source for a project .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  returns   mock
truth:  returns   translation

test:  returns a dictionary of feature set of morphing .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  builds   skipped
truth:  builds   use

test:  converts from a datetime to a month number .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  given   disables
truth:  given   datetime

test:  checks that value is non-empty and of type .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return a list of all continuation databases .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  display   currents
truth:  display   state

test:  check if the key exists in the registry .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  check if provided server address is a email address .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  old method for deprecated .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   induce
truth:  deprecated   testing

test:  computes the quantize statistic .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  perform an mr record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  display the repository constructor .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  parse   retrive
truth:  parse   checks

test:  require that the given function provided as the given function key .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  check that the left and right sparseseries are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the file from the gcode text as a gcode file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  write   smooth
truth:  write   vector

test:  test with hidden text .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   digs
truth:  test   html

test:  abort()s systemexit should not cause a warn() .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   labeled
truth:  -   file

test:  a decorator for handling get requests .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  defines   float
truth:  defines   decorator

test:  get the list of all the active children .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  get the enumeration of the named tuple .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  pulls   terminate
truth:  pulls   password

test:  gets the most recent data for the requested user .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  check if a string is a valid format on a directory .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  query for a directive tagging token .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  input i complete dictionary for sys_path range .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  with_settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds list of names to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  builds   protects
truth:  builds   args

test:  try to do not return an http server .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  add a mock to the hadoop output .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove the provided content from the compute api .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  return a list of the names of a given group .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  executes an api method call to the request .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   drops
truth:  executes   call

test:  fill a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  fill   supports
truth:  fill   text

test:  with this function is only .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cache the application .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  print the stack .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  dump   applied
truth:  dump   trace

test:  return the module trying to find a given module in a package .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  look   restoring
truth:  look   data

test:  remove the named container cli example: .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   satisfy
truth:  remove   container

test:  parameter_list : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  calculate the first column of a service is very hard packet .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  update   sparks
truth:  update   number

test:  checks that response data is a valid exception code .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  catch   allow
truth:  catch   conditions

test:  generate a random string with alpha and bad characters .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  add a user to the group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  convert a zero indexed row and column cell reference string in a1 notation .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  read a cache file and return as list .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  for a employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  determine if the layer is legal .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  clears the zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clear   unescaped
truth:  clear   entries

test:  return the url to download link .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  compare   talking
truth:  compare   dict

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  yield chunks from iterable .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns true if the given password is pass .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   confine
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a reservation for the given project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return a json representation of the graph g in json .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  wraps loops around the test exceptions .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  redirects to the user .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  adds a user to a group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  decrypt encrypted_data using key .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  sets the gui mode .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  tell   chew
truth:  tell   service

test:  return a list of all tests in the given dir .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   prettyprint
truth:  get   examples

test:  return a formatted status message to be used for logging an instance .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  get a lexer for filename or fail .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   unlocks
truth:  get   lexer

test:  combine two images .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  blend   rescanning
truth:  blend   weights

test:  for methods that return the argument string .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if the query for admin values and over json .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  rolls back a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  like python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  marks the test as deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve credentials from request .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  return the union of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  return   tokens
truth:  return   union

test:  parses a date in the form .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  patch config .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  extract the id from a dictionary .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  setup the gpsd sources .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  loadavg iir the named maximum value is matched in the range of the incrementing .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  return   saved
truth:  return   average

test:  this primarily exists to make this (in available in the group .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  set   search
truth:  set   d

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  a crappy helper for the facility .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the full database %s or just a %s name from the database via urllib/urllib2 .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  return   fails
truth:  return   databases

test:  add the begin and end xml tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   redraw
truth:  add   begin

test:  get all suggestions and session with properties .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  stop a "stop" space after a function .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the minions job id and job id .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  pulls   builds
truth:  pulls   minion

test:  recursively deep dicts .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  get the destination packet of a packet .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parses counters in the history format output/logged by the ui binary .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   flattening
truth:  parse   field

test:  adds an environment variable denoted by the key .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  add   consisting
truth:  add   link

test:  list tags for a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   unpause
truth:  list   elasticache

test:  mark option key as deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  checks   listen
truth:  checks   key

test:  return the case of the relative case of the relative nats .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  return a namedtuple of swap swap lines .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  returns people following user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  count the elementwise attribute from the graph g .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  count   tweak
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides globalzone only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   pulls
truth:  s   null

test:  extract a timezone string into a formatted timezone .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  test whether w is a short .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  pulls   carve
truth:  pulls   word

test:  test inverse of volume .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  inspect the object for an object .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  returns tf of the maximum norm of the quality norm and its derivative .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  a decorator to generate user method .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  marks volume types .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  return true if path is an encrypted path .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  desktop backend should have all es names .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  read flowgrams from a file .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  build   forces
truth:  build   flowgrams

test:  get a referent object by id or identifier .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  look   partitions
truth:  look   category

test:  adds a max pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   fonts
truth:  adds   layer

test:  start the shell command and return its output .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  run   modifies
truth:  run   cmd

test:  open an bgzf file .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  get a list of classes into a collection of indices .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  applies   identifies
truth:  applies   plugin

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   inform
truth:  accepts   entry

test:  delete a child volume .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  removes the safe database .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  check   reply
truth:  check   representations

test:  pack unicode string to a bytestring or references: string .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  fix a method name to fix its name .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  fix   step
truth:  fix   names

test:  convert a given list of users to a string of users .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  given   negate
truth:  given   resource

test:  decorator to designate functions into something more than func .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  unwraps   reported
truth:  unwraps   function

test:  generate a message for isaquatk() .
truth: convert response . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  run a test case with tie tie the denominator of the test set .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  test graph for service_dir+name .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  create   translated
truth:  create   g

test:  a nice way to make sure that elements are analogous to handle them .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  full test of mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   starts
truth:  test   nothing

test:  convert a device dict based on the device number .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  validates overlap with a given doc and throws it if there is overlap .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  check if host is in host or host .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  indicates   killed
truth:  indicates   network

test:  generative network to parameterize generative model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  pulls   killed
truth:  pulls   network

test:  launches a local window using the given model + cfg .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  provides   logged
truth:  provides   dialog

test:  set the number of days of the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   sparks
truth:  set   number

test:  play media manager from media list .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  install the given requirement using pip install if it isnt already exist .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   patch
truth:  install   requirement

test:  finds decorator which fires with holding custom .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  get   link
truth:  get   factory

test:  main entry point .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the given collection should be used .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  checks   reallocation
truth:  checks   collection

test:  delete a module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  initialize all function in a container .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  call   satisfy
truth:  call   container

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  dumps all [x]html tags to a dom .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  dump   configured
truth:  dump   tree

test:  create attachments note for the given attachment .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   blacklisted
truth:  create   attachments

test:  perform a binop .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  compute   destroy
truth:  compute   dtype

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine distance between two vectors .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  alter bottom along with only the points that are far enough along the channel .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  setting a configuration value .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   urlencode
truth:  set   item

test:  convert classified text to an ansi colors .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  add   match
truth:  add   syntax

test:  runs evaluation auc .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  set the normalized data directory .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  convert an amount to string .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   reloads
truth:  converts   amount

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  return xattr_where_from information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  get the base url for a expression .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  validate and return cpu policy .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns the name of timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   suggests
truth:  returns   timezone

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  for virt only .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  pulls   buckets
truth:  pulls   preference

test:  retrieve a dict representing the current user object .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  process fastq to a single fastq file .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  filtering   locate
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove quotes from a string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  removes   block
truth:  removes   chars

test:  convert a matrix to constant terms .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  this view is used to load api .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  check whether a given node is mon cli example: .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  is   looping
truth:  is   node

test:  save cert for domain cli example: .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   rounding
truth:  save   master

test:  search for a given type in the system .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  the wsgi server address into remote server derived remote request .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  helper function: parse multi as json .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  serialize   aliased
truth:  serialize   json

test:  publish a collection and update it .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  compute the rectified linear unit function :math:f(x)=max .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   uncheck
truth:  copy   element

test:  generate some document revisions .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  fixes   decreases
truth:  fixes   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return true if the given code is in code .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  returns   push
truth:  returns   depth

test:  bounce all traffic server nodes in the local node .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   clones
truth:  bounce   server

test:  generic setattr() for @jitclass instances .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  maps the input vector into a vectors .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  returns   smooth
truth:  returns   vector

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  read some packet .
truth: object factory . 
test:  object   link
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the targets from the ansible inventory_file data .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   insert
truth:  return   targets

test:  delete a user from the rabbitmq via rabbitmqctl list_vhosts cli example: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  games returns a single game matching the given criteria .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  get the svg text and store the ratio .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to format a file system path .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  list all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  transform the value into multiple uppercase .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  cycle   exposes
truth:  cycle   values

test:  list the users cli example: .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  list   emit
truth:  list   access

test:  add faces from a trianglemesh .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  converts any given object to unicode string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  return a suite from a package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  assemble   compiles
truth:  assemble   suite

test:  return true if the named runlevel is enabled .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  pulls   failing
truth:  pulls   style

test:  remove the certificate from the given store name the certificate to remove .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  create the logger object for an instance class .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  creates   code
truth:  creates   logger

test:  returns string of filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  for each template files in the given dir .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  x is n*m matrix if the product of all input vector is in the product .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  escape & .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  check whether a files is present .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  prints   point
truth:  prints   status

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resizes   aligns
truth:  resizes   volume

test:  get a diagonal on a diagonal of the input .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of domains from a cert .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  wait for the status in the kinesis stream .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding representation trees .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  given an object or a field .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  check if the image contains the vectors .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  mask   launch
truth:  mask   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  pulls   emits
truth:  pulls   definition

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns true if the ipv6 address are valid .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   delayed
truth:  returns   ipv6

test:  get an orm by name .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  remove   doing
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  replace   eventlet
truth:  replace   warning

test:  return true if the variable is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  recursively process keys and values of data .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  get bottom path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  convert arma tetragrid from a matrix in **dictionary format to lag partition d] process parameters ar : array_like the residual of lag ma : array_like .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  return absolute path of a filename .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns a list of models for all models in the given list of models .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  gets   lstrip
truth:  gets   set

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  get the file names of the file is in the python plugins .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  convert a given list of articles to dicts .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  generate discovery to y_prob from service .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  write   decreases
truth:  write   documents

test:  get a reference to a given object by a given name .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  retrive   stores
truth:  retrive   name

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   squared
truth:  returns   vms

test:  list task ids .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   decreases
truth:  documents   documents

test:  create a mind from a musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  fetches   bytes
truth:  fetches   album

test:  check for db .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   dispatched
truth:  check   calls

test:  make sure that a user is logged in new domains .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  ask   highlights
truth:  ask   update

test:  getmodulename -> int path .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  abstract_declarator_opt a nested interval of an existing stream .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create user details of users .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  create   users

test:  create a volume for the given test .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  main function for validating demultiplexed fasta labels fasta_labels: list of fasta labels .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  test that a file and a different output the trees that was specified .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  returns a compiled template object for a given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove duplicate index from block_device_mapping table .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  remove   regroup
truth:  remove   subsets

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  matrix slice .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears the default xmodule modulestore .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  fixture providing a test of the given object .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  lead the histogram of each feature .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to add a trace to each of the trees .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  wrap   float
truth:  wrap   decorator

test:  check if a file is in the minion name the name of the user to check for mtime to see if a container is installed cli example: .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handles the request and stores the logs and the response .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  handles   knapsack
truth:  handles   request

test:  return a dict with the data set .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  fast -> handle list arguments: protein the alphabet in the string .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  set the rules used for policy checks .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  set   skipped
truth:  set   use

test:  prepares unicode to unicode string .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  api: execute a queue .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  generate a unique uid .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  check for disjoint sets of disjoint sets .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   regroup
truth:  return   subsets

test:  test traceback offset of paths .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  remove the given function from a function or resource identifier .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  attempt   constrained
truth:  attempt   functions

test:  return a set of complex morphological morphological selem .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  change   limiting
truth:  change   order

test:  only work on macos with darwin .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   knapsack
truth:  set   request

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  collect all available translations for a given glib .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  delete an individual versions to delete instances given a project and version delete .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   poll
truth:  delete   versions

test:  those connections to bypass freeze .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  set   force
truth:  set   kwargs

test:  fix syntax should cause a bug to test .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  fix   thinks
truth:  fix   issue

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  launch the checkout branch dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   logged
truth:  launch   dialog

test:  return a mongodb connection with a jid .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  delete new files in the current dir .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  delete   decimals
truth:  delete   storage

test:  creates traget file path relative to $state_path .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  join   ip
truth:  join   paths

test:  get information about the alarm metric cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   revoked
truth:  get   details

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  get   been
truth:  get   format

test:  check that the markdown document is less than or more document .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  check   wheather
truth:  check   library

test:  show all redis client changes to a redis redis server .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  flush   compress
truth:  flush   db

test:  compute the given value string of the value .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  align   bench
truth:  align   value

test:  lists a list of functions with the nonlinear button .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  apply   works
truth:  apply   selection

test:  tests that the in-db quality are properly returned .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  pulls   boostrapping
truth:  pulls   timeline

test:  parses a single character .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   printed
truth:  parses   pattern

test:  like repr() .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  load the admin group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  return true if the function is a bound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list policies for the account .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get all of the installed plugins from an interface .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  retrieve   interpolated
truth:  retrieve   plugins

test:  sync a set of or ends with the database .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  synchronize   bounds
truth:  synchronize   table

test:  helper function for the paper: utc user information .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  yaml: runscope this plugin introduces a runscope for the job .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs pyflakes as a list of files .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test scaled row of a scaled plot .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  check   landing
truth:  check   sum

test:  parse content from an iam response .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parses   install
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns a getresponse constructed for the application .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encode serialization .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  context manager to temporarily disable a fake request .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  computes the anchor from the passed examples .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  extracts the given option name from an object to a given option .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  get a path with each component the filesystem path .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  flush twisted and show arrays in a tensor .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  preprocess options for a particular search .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  look   forbid
truth:  look   options

test:  methods with a function or method as wanting .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  forces   reported
truth:  forces   function

test:  returns the node postings .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove multiple whitespaces and/or zero or more tab characters .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  strips   flashes
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  coerce a view to a timedelta .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the item size for the given list or buffer type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  a generator of all lines .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   uploading
truth:  do   job

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  a decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  set a jmx .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  return tidy with tidy .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   digs
truth:  run   html

test:  invalidate the cached star for all of the drivers .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  greatest common divisor of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate vertex normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   calculates
truth:  compute   vertex

test:  initializes the command line argument parser .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initializes   utf-8
truth:  initializes   argument

test:  update permissions for every module .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   generate
truth:  print   users

test:  count the number of non-zero values for each feature in sparse order .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  retrieve all host groups .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   prefilled
truth:  retrieve   hosts

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  yield   restoring
truth:  yield   data

test:  read page from a given page as a page object .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  extract and update events from json .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   adjust
truth:  extract   inventory

test:  set up a new device to decoding .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  error   rectified
truth:  error   cuda

test:  convolutional convolutional loss .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  center   negotiate
truth:  center   loss

test:  test the behavior of --local --format=columns flags should also be ignored .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   deletes
truth:  test   pip

test:  fork off the process tree .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  launch   prettify
truth:  launch   process

test:  convert a cuts .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get networks hosts config in a network by looking up the provided host object .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  update the local ca bundle file from a url .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  check if shared axs and are figure .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the number of cliques of the given list of nodes .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  check if magic is installed .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get server id or a list of prefixes prefixes .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  fetch   clones
truth:  fetch   server

test:  generate a sample file of a specified file .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  helper function to get a users redaction .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  return   holding
truth:  return   policy

test:  convert all node z to a file .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  makes a fake polynomial to the input polynomial .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  replace   simulating
truth:  replace   input

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  coil   del
truth:  coil   gcode

test:  certain process has to be written as a full process .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  process   shared
truth:  process   string

test:  inject resources into the supplied content .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  performs a checkout with username for a user .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  create   lits
truth:  create   basket

test:  get all vmware hosts on a given host with the given host .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  prints global variables with eggs .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  force   inspect
truth:  force   eggs

test:  returns a list of members of a group identified by its status .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  create a new test that forward a control test .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   skipped
truth:  create   use

test:  produce status .
truth: produce status . 
test:  produce   point
truth:  produce   status

test:  test coregistration gui .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the absolute uri in the form of a uri .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  create the constraints .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  changes   pivoted
truth:  changes   place

test:  perform the dns logs step .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  logs   open
truth:  logs   sections

test:  set the version number of the le script .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  tell   optimized
truth:  tell   script

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   step
truth:  domain   names

test:  quantize implementation of value .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  quantize   contributed
truth:  quantize   t

test:  generate a random user format from the full stack format .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  sends a requests request to an http request .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  create the input given by the user from the configuration .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test that a set of batchnorm model outputs the shared model .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   fonts
truth:  test   layer

test:  add polygon docstring by loops .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a backup list available columns .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  list   subtracts
truth:  list   backups

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  function   scales
truth:  function   prints

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  ensure that the named container exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  checks if a path exists in the current path .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  check   inquire
truth:  check   tool

test:  a handy helper function that recreates the full url as a string .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  test creating the module with a custom module .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  patch   init
truth:  patch   modules

test:  login to the code page .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts a datetime object d into a unix timestamp .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   childnodes
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  check version of the specified version .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  fill a function without preserving the use of a build file .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  pulls   listing
truth:  pulls   inspect

test:  wait for the named container to be changed .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   satisfy
truth:  wait   container

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   drawing
truth:  strips   tags

test:  generates all the non files and its contents .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get complex by float .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  a convenience function to make a document for servicerecord purposes .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  restore   pass
truth:  restore   document

test:  rotate image 90 degrees request .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  serialize the variable into a yaml string .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dump   leaves
truth:  dump   dictionaries

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  computes a line with arguments populated .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  fits   small_stmts
truth:  fits   line

test:  returns the list of supported formats for the given formats .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  check if the given url is a valid html file .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  gain tweet with template role .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  loads and reads an image .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decodes   restoring
truth:  decodes   data

test:  search for series .
truth: search series . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  generate points for starting with shape and direction .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  yield   algorithm
truth:  yield   points

test:  updates the dscl cache cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   eliminating
truth:  flush   cache

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  application section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  render a template .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a view that expects a post form with some error content type .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  return   r^2
truth:  return   form

test:  step runner .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  make   unquoting
truth:  make   environment

test:  store a handler for the given store .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get all networks .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  finds   branching
truth:  finds   progress

test:  decode a query string into a working query parameters .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle share .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  create   sequences

test:  test if the form in the request .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  determine   knapsack
truth:  determine   request

test:  sanitize stars for use in markdown .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  convert integer into bits .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  count   prepopulates
truth:  count   bits

test:  restart the specified delay .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   suppresses
truth:  set   seconds

test:  parses the xml for a workbook from a xml-file and returns base metadata .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  provides a html for a list of classes that can be passed to the filters out the selected back .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  generate   switch
truth:  generate   list

test:  return folder matching a folder in current dir .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  returns test path to .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  generate the flavor created by the ninja .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  initialize   insert
truth:  initialize   targets

test:  docstring have a specified group .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  merge   destroy
truth:  merge   dtype

test:  set access settings and group groups to be used in a dict .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  return the sentence of an image .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  like the example: .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  set up a single bytestring in the given string of ints .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  generate   exposes
truth:  generate   values

test:  enable or disable an existing site .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   handles
truth:  enable   site

test:  return a list of where/having that are expected_files to store one of the columns that are destroyed .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   labeled
truth:  rename   file

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  make a stc matrix using a vertices .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  generate   splitting
truth:  generate   surface

test:  remove the content of a files .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  clean   installs
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  raise skiptest if the client is supported .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  find   carry
truth:  find   test

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  pulls   shift
truth:  pulls   tasks

test:  list the packages that belong to a pattern .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  grep   shared
truth:  grep   string

test:  returns a list with only log-related if a given value is a list of a list of dicts .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  pulls   tune
truth:  pulls   internet

test:  skip test if module isnt already exist under module .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  parse the links from container into toc files .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  generate   bartels
truth:  generate   contents

test:  extract ipv4 address embedded in 6to4 address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  allocate a random model instances .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   controls
truth:  allocates   ids

test:  remove unnecessary files from the given file .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  compare   bartels
truth:  compare   contents

test:  receive value using pprint .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  print   transliterate
truth:  print   variable

test:  return a enbedded array of v2 element between v2 and v2 arrays .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  folder the folder id for the folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  convert pil image into array .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   resume
truth:  convert   pil

test:  index of lowest value over a specified period .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  get the end number of the end for start to end end .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check the installation installation version is installed .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  check   init
truth:  check   modules

test:  tps is the set of entries in the ndarray .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  direct_declarator : id lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  a simple replacement for deprecated .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  warn   bisect
truth:  warn   deprecation

test:  user can either if question is spam or question .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  mark   target_expressing
truth:  mark   question

test:  marathon pods can be deployed for marathon .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  marathon   carry
truth:  marathon   test

test:  get a threadsaftey definition object for a given type .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  check if member is a member of the given doc .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  given   loved
truth:  given   doc

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get intersection loops lists inside loops .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  check if the file at the specified file is modified than the unix file .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  validates that the local ip address is valid for local ip address .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  returns the rgs .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  computes   annoy
truth:  computes   rank

test:  parse the xml element and convert it into a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  check that distances are added and that the moon coordinates are the same distance between the two pixels .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  tests update plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  extracts the value from the response .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  extracts   format_alignment
truth:  extracts   authentication

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   switch
truth:  handle   list

test:  takes a list of versions .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   poll
truth:  takes   versions

test:  check if the server making this server is resolvable or not .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns the link for a block .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  clone the project .
truth: release the package . 
test:  release   downloading
truth:  release   package

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  add master if already exists .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  build   adjust
truth:  build   inventory

test:  run system command in a given shell .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  visualise the username in a colors that asserts that the labels with the username .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns hessian of logp at a given point passed .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  check if an object is a updateable u .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  returns   generated
truth:  returns   youtube

test:  open a persistent file .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  returns the modified time when a given time in the given storage .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  get   decimals
truth:  get   storage

test:  checks if labels is a valid string or not .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test whether a path is a regular file .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  predicate for notify_url .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  regression test for url#issuecomment-101821641 .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  write an object to a file .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   encapsulate
truth:  copy   instance

test:  helper to validate that connection and throws valueerror if the value is not a valid connection status .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  pulls   inverts
truth:  pulls   statuses

test:  see #1576 .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  displays a switches .
truth: prints a . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  kill a process and all of its children .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   prettify
truth:  kill   process

test:  converts an image passed as the img view function .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  joins two sorted arrays .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   greps
truth:  parses   intersection

test:  upload all repository packages to a repository .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the file type for a package .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  choose   downloading
truth:  choose   package

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  check if a file is a file or a file .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  decorate a hook which will be called from the interpreter .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  freeze   pulls
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the current pid by trying to determine the contents of the named pid file .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   reported
truth:  analyse   function

test:  create content from file content .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  cached   preload
truth:  cached   content

test:  do a %s method to skip a test case .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  load and return a password from a file .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  load   expose
truth:  load   credentials

test:  make the full journal .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  returns true if the original root directory is false .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add a url with the given charset and unparse .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  creates temporary directory and basic jobs if it already exist .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  stores a list of job ids and steps .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  given   unroll
truth:  given   steps

test:  returns the xblock responsible for setting the specified xblock .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  finds   bdecodes
truth:  finds   xblock

test:  decorator to create a single method that marks a value of seconds .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  shows the specified input .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  return a testsuite for the given tests .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  choose   pulls
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the user secret by consulting the secrets database .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   fixes
truth:  returns   manager

test:  simple test for bug that should be ok .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  checks if a title is a lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  compare   supports
truth:  compare   text

test:  invoke a strategic query to search .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  query   looping
truth:  query   node

test:  extracts roads data from nearest to new nearest group .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  find   explore
truth:  find   segments

test:  parse a string response etag .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   concatenate
truth:  parse   etag

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  installs the fromelementnode .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  find   shortens
truth:  find   classes

test:  print results of all pages in the regular configuration .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  clears uuids .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clear   pass
truth:  clear   document

test:  load a sample images from a specified file .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  this function checks whether date provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date for some technical message id .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  function   mock
truth:  function   translation

test:  computes the binary crossentropy between crossentropy and 1 .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  compute   uses
truth:  compute   crossentropy

test:  marks the configuration as deprecated .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  warn   queryset
truth:  warn   configs

test:  creates a url string for a static request .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  a helper function for the absolute value of a .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  formats a number of italian pairs for a phone number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  reverted the image from a string .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  returns   accuracy

test:  set movie play media player object .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   pulls
truth:  pause   null

test:  expands a part of text against a sympy expression .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  =   decrement
truth:  =   =

test:  take sturm part of f and return the 1st part of f in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  computes   reveal
truth:  computes   sequence

test:  parses the textual string from the xml definition .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  list all events in the iterable .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  copies a file from a remote machine to the local one .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  create a figure instance for the given figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  draw   parens
truth:  draw   figure

test:  return the current configuration key for a site config .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  security all organizations .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  add a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  bind   pulls
truth:  bind   null

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  temporarily changes a context with line with a jinja application .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  disable   masks
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  returns the wsgi pipeline for use with paste .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  loads   colorized
truth:  loads   context

test:  get group types by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the value of an existing user .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  build a formatted list to copy of admin bulk version .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  shortcut   reported
truth:  shortcut   function

test:  test that there is no buggy .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   float
truth:  test   decorator

test:  convert a single ip address to a cidr formatted as the network address .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  returns a list of changed filenames that have changed .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  resolve supplied keys .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolve   pulls
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  returns the payload with the same sources as the signer .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  check if a backend supports notes api .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  find a command in a given environment .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects metadata :return: none :rtype: dict :raises: the draft metadata :rtype: dict .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   expands
truth:  finds   draft

test:  expand an individual into a sequence of indices indices in the dataset .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  check a control file matches a kernel .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return full os x string for full project .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  base name of a pathname .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  base   define
truth:  base   path

test:  one or more than a hot tensor .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  convert   decrease
truth:  convert   action

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test task mri mri folder .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get bevel beveled .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   abbreviate
truth:  get   rectangle

test:  normal form or fermionic or fermionic or fermionic operators .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  write   sums
truth:  write   expression

test:  build dictionary for the standard stream and add it to a dict .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  format   unquoting
truth:  format   environment

test:  modifies a view function by setting a view onto a view protection .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  decorator to wrap a function event .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  run the given command .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  executes   sonar
truth:  executes   child

test:  dynamically load a class from a string representation .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  try to read from a file .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  get a direction-w .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   launching
truth:  construct   pipeline

test:  dump public errors and list .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  send a fake invoke category to qutebrowser .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  spawn   plucks
truth:  spawn   window

test:  promotes the given index operator .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  use the xmodules that are set from the xmodule package .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  pulls   asks
truth:  pulls   xmodule

test:  performs an image on a basic image .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  uses   supplied
truth:  uses   api

test:  copy the cache result to the class .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   eliminating
truth:  copy   cache

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   receives
truth:  delete   port

test:  build the default v3 v3 v3 v3 v3 v3 .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  yields   enhances
truth:  yields   scope

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   negate
truth:  serve   resource

test:  setup the server with curve curve auth .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  setup   clones
truth:  setup   server

test:  takes a list of constraints and returns a new column .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  unpacks   smooth
truth:  unpacks   vector

test:  convert a few cdao string to a more human-readable syntax .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  concatenate all values of values of values of values .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   exposes
truth:  format   values

test:  wrapper around djangos .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  differentiate   imposes
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  launch the reaper .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  checks if the name can be parsed if its season .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters all model attributes except for any dict in a dict .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  filter   force
truth:  filter   kwargs

test:  url-encode strings to av with the url- and data .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return module version or none if version cant be retrieved .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  set system active users .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  ensure that a tree path exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  feature finds finds all feature finds a list of files .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  from stackoverflow on 2013-10-04: url /questions/2532053/validate-a-hostname-string#answer-2532344 .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a hypercube .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  returns   declared
truth:  returns   samples

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   dimension
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  this function returns a model class to test the ctypes version of the model .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   reboot
truth:  returns   singleton

test:  retrieve flavor by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   detach
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  the session backend should be checked out of the current desktop .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  push a session to the bokeh bokeh bokeh documents that will be automatically deleted under a bokeh .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  update   clones
truth:  update   server

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  enhance info about paragraphs .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  return a function that maps matcher factories to new matcher factories .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  returns a list of the data in a matrix .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  a testsuite suite that has all the gdal api .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   compiles
truth:  partitions   suite

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the value of the password encoding .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  get the complex with the minimum support of the first item .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  return a string corresponding to the given titles .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   producing
truth:  create   certificate

test:  determine if we are running on an amazon web services .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  add the intersection to the path .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the row of a matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  make sure that a package is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   downloading
truth:  make   package

test:  remove a users incron file .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  the file to serve static file that was saved .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  write request headers to a set of headers .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  write   stubbed
truth:  write   headers

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   optdict
truth:  convert   lines

test:  write string to file with encoding .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  sab a single channel .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  fetches url and fetches the http error .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  validates if the given tab is a valid tab .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  throws   asarray
truth:  throws   cases

test:  make some change to a deployment deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  make   logout
truth:  make   change

test:  get the list of ip addresses assigned to an interface .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  test if the database has an initialized on this test .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  check   responds
truth:  check   database

test:  simply print unformatted text .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  serve the v2 ui configuration .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  return a html string .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   usage_key_string
truth:  error   view

test:  returns a list of word identifiers from the string type with alternatives .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  determine   carve
truth:  determine   word

test:  creates a new base32 .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   instruments
truth:  delete   keystone

test:  wait for the dependency dependency import dask .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute pixel tensor with gaussian shape .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  tests if the settings for a new suggestion .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  prints r information and the context for each message .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  add an tx job .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   default
truth:  start   part

test:  run a certificate of existing value assign spec to a certificate .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  extract   producing
truth:  extract   certificate

test:  check if fsl_course leaves containing terms are same .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  saves saves the current social-auth to a file in the given session .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   command
truth:  save   session

test:  returns a dictionary of all registered review .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return disk usage associated with the given path .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  validate the description of the main post text .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create a sharedobject object from aws .
truth: print with color . 
test:  print   detects
truth:  print   color

test:  simple greeting method .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  responds   widen
truth:  responds   frontend

test:  parameters cache if we are fourth .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  strips the float elements of a xml element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  removes   tile
truth:  removes   information

test:  test integration integration harmless .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  find none dont usually be ignored .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  loads a browser shell for javascript .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  prepare   setuptools
truth:  prepare   notebook

test:  sets the labels on the input data .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  replace   centers
truth:  replace   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  return the updates updates learning rates .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   dispatches
truth:  updates   learning

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in all of the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   autogenerated
truth:  run   benchmarks

test:  return a synchronization wrapper for a rawarray .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   register
truth:  return   wrapper

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  process the xml element by manipulation .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  helper function that parses a string into a dictionary of commands .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  make sure that the scroll is set .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  link   reserializes
truth:  link   widget

test:  find the edge magnitude using the sobel value .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  apply a template tag to a contents of a template .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  return the current output of the given nest .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  parse the given configuration as an http request .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wrapper around execute_from_command_line() .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  runs   paging
truth:  runs   interface

test:  match some pattern .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  terminate   explode
truth:  terminate   processes

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  compute the cumulative estimate of the simultaneous process parameters ci : ndarray the activation function .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   interprets
truth:  compute   intervals

test:  get the nthhost value if given value is not a nthhost query .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   preloading
truth:  get   host

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  on delete of the file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  helper method to generate urls .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  test that setting has custom inverse of p .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   forget
truth:  test   inverse

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  construct a sql machine when the given host label is valid .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  result   pulls
truth:  result   null

test:  returns a status code that enables basic auth error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  if data is a scalar .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  constructs   divides
truth:  constructs   matrices

test:  compute nocopy for nocopy logic for a new whos .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return a protocol from a url .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  convenience method .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  returns   astring
truth:  returns   route

test:  try to extract the versions from the binary file .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extracts   exposes
truth:  extracts   values

test:  force autoescape behavior for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   pings
truth:  force   behavior

test:  return a checkpoint label string for the given experiment checkpoint directory checkpointdir: relative or absolute model checkpoint directory path .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  creates   reshapes
truth:  creates   serialization

test:  decorator for notify which should be used like a middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  given a sequence .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  helper function that instantiates a fits file and returns a list of index .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  get   assume
truth:  get   header

test:  flatten a tensor .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flattens   simulating
truth:  flattens   input

test:  send a message to a given channel .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   modbus
truth:  set   cookie

test:  test that a 3d issue can be set with 3d shapes .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  validate command line and returns a parsed api .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   allocate
truth:  validate   user

test:  convert an s3 key to the uri .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  computes cumulative sum of .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  wrap a block of text with a regular expression .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  return a datetime for the number of months about this month .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  produces   disables
truth:  produces   datetime

test:  recursively publish declarative class .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  returns a list of all supported milestones of the given course id .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  estimate matrix of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  estimate   annoy
truth:  estimate   rank

test:  convert text to an int .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  parse a string according to the month 8-bit date format .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   focused
truth:  parse   dates

test:  call text with the given indent quote .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  indent   flip
truth:  indent   python

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  tries to match features .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   int
truth:  finds   match

test:  display all available updates .
truth: home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  user can login if page .
truth: user can login . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  make   lowercases
truth:  make   verbose

test:  get scale scale by name .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   repeat
truth:  get   scaling

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   wants
truth:  convert   parts

test:  return a user id from a string .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  stop everything to flask application .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  shutdown   encapsulate
truth:  shutdown   instance

test:  reload ledger .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  patch   localize
truth:  patch   reference

test:  return a function that can cache if we are bilinear .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  cache   bench
truth:  cache   value

test:  creates a new global global secondary connection name the global secondary connection between the specified global and connection .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  setup the wink sensor .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  calculates the checksum checksum .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  pulls   brings
truth:  pulls   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  resolve an exception if were not a nonexistent .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  generate an image string representation of an skimage unit from a different line to an skimage unit .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  pulls   throttle
truth:  pulls   unit

test:  get the file encoding .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  remove a user from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   rising
truth:  remove   group

test:  enable the monitoring monitoring stream with name stream_name .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  report   activate
truth:  report   delete

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates the specified security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   reduced
truth:  updates   cli

test:  plot the effect of the main .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  represent   support
truth:  represent   time

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return list of duplicates .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the global configuration directory and .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  creates a list of bit outcomes of the iterable .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  get   stacks
truth:  get   states

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist or has it does not exist .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  test that before a page is ignored .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a path of the module .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  unload   tear
truth:  unload   module

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   prefilled
truth:  release   hosts

test:  remove the tree at the given directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  send a notification about a node on the host or list .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   preloading
truth:  send   host

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   hanging
truth:  clear   variables

test:  create a simple gpg_keydir .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  set   shortens
truth:  set   classes

test:  takes a list of strings like a regular expression .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compiles   enhanced
truth:  compiles   object

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  return the string matching the pattern .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  get flags for a specific user .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  execute nagios plugin and get the result of plugin .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   copy
truth:  run   nagios

test:  converts a datetime to a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  returns   disables
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  generate a message from a wire .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  stop all instances for the given version of the module .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stops   borrowed
truth:  stops   instances

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  a signal receiver which updates the last_login date of the user logging in .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  handle click color .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  color   works
truth:  color   selection

test:  import and import all its dependencies from the module .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  determine if the datastore in the datastore transaction is in the datastore .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if router is router .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  based   defines
truth:  based   attributes

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   blocks
truth:  collate   representation

test:  generate the maximum value of the key as a dict .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  this method returns a list of mailchimp that this is currently used in several for other emails and that we need the original segments .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  retrieves the notification notification from the proxy args: transport a batch of targets .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  return   initialized
truth:  return   notification

test:  remove a file or directory cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns a byte string for the given scrapy instance .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  get a list of paths from a human-friendly expression .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a set of firstset .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  chop the given list/sequence and return the standard tuple .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chops   sparks
truth:  chops   number

test:  destroy the volume type by id or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  delete   teardown
truth:  delete   type

test:  from _version where the coordinate can be moon-like or off .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  decorator to add a function to the function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  munging to turn a method name into a pre-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  munging   located
truth:  munging   method

test:  slugify a string .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  return the attribute of the given object .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  makes   authenticated
truth:  makes   everything

test:  simple wrapper on the source files listed in the list command .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  general get a string .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  replace key name of decodeerror .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  create   utf-8
truth:  create   argument

test:  sets a given figure to a file parameters arr : list of matplotlib backends .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   restrict
truth:  save   array

test:  sets up calls from the metadata web cloud provider client .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  collects and stores the static folder .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  copies   logging
truth:  copies   flask

test:  returns the type type given a class name .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  remove network from network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   requesting
truth:  remove   i

test:  given a word body .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  return full os x to the given path .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the class type with the given type name .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  load the key from an app app path .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  convert   review
truth:  convert   keys

test:  make sure that the dataset can be set by adagard .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  tests   utf-8
truth:  tests   argument

test:  returns the number of intra-community edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  return all virtual interface for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  verify that an object stores the com on the given port should be child .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  following   pulls
truth:  following   null

test:  iterate through a stream of translations .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  adds a task private key to the task .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  returns the current active mon of all the active mon .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  a convenience function that raises a new user if a experiment is not a new permission .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  raise   allocate
truth:  raise   user

test:  estimate the integration for a to the aoa of a source matrix .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  reset the named vm cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reset   hostname
truth:  reset   vm

test:  it should support download from pypi from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  pulls   inf
truth:  pulls   download

test:  return a new file of the loop .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  escape a dn string .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return a list of grains .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  create and return the string for the given key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  returns the difference between the due date in a datetime .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  get   speed
truth:  get   minutes

test:  generate batches of batches of batches batches .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  the corpus from hideki .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a package .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   debugging
truth:  delete   dataset

test:  change the qapplication setting from the qapplication setting .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   stores
truth:  change   name

test:  run a bash shell command bash .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return numeric assortativity of an undirected graph .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  compute   looping
truth:  compute   node

test:  return the certificate info of the certificate file cert_file the certificate to hold .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  start the rabbitmq application .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  check the differences between expected and output_dir: .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  compare   s
truth:  compare   sets

test:  find a running image id for a specified image .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  removes a given single role for a user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  a decorator to perform the instance_info_cache action .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  remove a tag from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   target_expressing
truth:  remove   question

test:  ensure that the keystone tenant is absent name the name of the tenant to remove .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  generate a matplotlib figure with a given figure .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the string for a base atom .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   binding
truth:  return   fact

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  wrap some chars in a string .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   gauss
truth:  wrap   strings

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  return a list of files in the master saltenv : base the path to the container parent returns none if the directory is none .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  set weekly downloads that can closed closed downloads .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  update   pend
truth:  update   day

test:  normal part of differential equation: dy + f*y == g .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  make   small_stmts
truth:  make   line

test:  ensure that the path of the first folder in sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  adds   inform
truth:  adds   entry

test:  an ns callback around the url from ssl .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  create an input page for a overriding or dir that can be an application .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  given   disabling
truth:  given   filenames

test:  check if the required token is invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  reject   scop
truth:  reject   token

test:  try to get the version from the package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  loads a ctypes .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  tests suggestion can be a suggestion with suggestion .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  tests   mock
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  given a model .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  returns information about the hosts of the requested sld returns a dictionary of information about the hosts .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  create a continuous random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get a result over http api .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  check that the current version is available on the system version .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  check   loading
truth:  check   bower

test:  new document form .
truth: new document form . 
test:  document   r^2
truth:  document   form

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   offset
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return a list of all job ids from the master .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  remove   scaled
truth:  remove   queue

test:  build a block diagonal from a bad set of values in blocks .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  test reading raw data for ctf test_genericpath .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   timing
truth:  mix   spaces

test:  get float from prefix and xml element .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  check if dladm is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  print the summary of a b-spline .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wraps a hybi-07 matrix that *n* a to two lines of the matrix b .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get all submodules of a given module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   rel_path
truth:  get   submodules

test:  get a list of hosts and their addresses from a given zone .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  builds   switch
truth:  builds   list

test:  function to check if the given file-like object is a list of all the applet algorithm described in the current command .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  return weeks doc facts cli example: .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  calculates a number of digit bits on the right lower case .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  download data from a gaussian archive .
truth: download a file . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  take a snapshot of a snapshot .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  take   indexes
truth:  take   snapshot

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  wrap a dask into a series of elemwise .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  test cross product with x .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  test   registers
truth:  test   product

test:  convert int or long int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  adds we store the same when we are sparse and sparse sparse variable with it is the same .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  add   divides
truth:  add   matrices

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   slice
truth:  encode   pickle

test:  expect : int estimation .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  convert   packed
truth:  convert   chunks

test:  field field to be no larger field out of shape .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  squeezing   colored
truth:  squeezing   operation

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  test that setting of mapping outside of inverse .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  returns edges in a set of nodes or forest forest .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   echo
truth:  generate   minimum

test:  decorator that wraps a function or not all .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  heuristic gcd in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  add stl given stl vertex line .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   swaps
truth:  add   faces

test:  returns the log of a tensor .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  creates   providing
truth:  creates   tensor

test:  prints out the given name and kwargs are not required .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  output language statistics of committed translation for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   stopped
truth:  output   statistics

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  virtual spatial spatial .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  produces   restrict
truth:  produces   array

test:  find all ancestor entities of a person entity in the ou hierarchy .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  doji star .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transform mappings to numerical format .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  check the validity of the load_path .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  parse a json file and return as json .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  list the backing file .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  generates the group groups for each degree of the graph .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  function to format a warning the standard way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  return day traffic for index .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  show   bring
truth:  show   page

test:  kill listen on a namespace if a line is true .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  load module from a local module .
truth: in apps . 
test:  pulls   plot
truth:  pulls   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  restore one or more entities to a restores of a list of trees .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   forbid
truth:  restore   options

test:  create a k client .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  yield n successive chunks from l .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  always returns a loading .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  lay   tsv
truth:  lay   components

test:  main function for groups groups .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  function   registers
truth:  function   product

test:  return string name of 8bit ascii string .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  return   intermediates
truth:  return   8bit

test:  given a number of nolint and a new hole .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  return   algorithm
truth:  return   points

test:  get known tag url and return url .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  encodes a unicode object to unicode .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  encode   flip
truth:  encode   python

test:  return the language code for the given request .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  configures the ansible group and insert a new instance as quickly in the database .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  initialize   adjust
truth:  initialize   inventory

test:  convert a space separated string to a scope value .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  returns a function that operates as a list of the provided values .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  helper function for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate the state of a node .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  supported   stacks
truth:  supported   states

test:  handle dot product gcs dictionary .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  make   defines
truth:  make   attributes

test:  turns all elements in a sequence .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  convert string into a value: array with type 2 .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  a class decorator for class methods .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  return a sample from samples which can be used to mark a sample size as samples of the sequences .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  given   currents
truth:  given   state

test:  return the name of the primary group that owns a given file this function will return the rarely used primary group of a file .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  simple fixture to setup .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  check   stays
truth:  check   sphinx

test:  returns a humanized receipt for the given receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  reissues   operands
truth:  reissues   receipt

test:  raises an exception if value is not a valid integer .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  return the hash of a hash .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  looks   labeled
truth:  looks   file

test:  write samples from file to file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  decorator for views that are used to mark a method as a viewset .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  imports controller - the null csv of a given csv operation .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a deferred which fires with the right error factory .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  show source and delete information from a raid os cli example: .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  compare two statuses and return the media type .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  returns   slave_open
truth:  returns   media

test:  write the output to a binary file .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  return information on open ports cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  show   solve
truth:  show   settings

test:  print a log message to standard log .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  print   order
truth:  print   traceback

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  try to unpickle and session options from requests .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  read the given file into a string .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  python api client .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   express
truth:  returns   -

test:  write a file in a given format .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get hostname from group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate json file of the json and return a json string .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  converts an empty string to a holding long .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   capturing
truth:  converts   error

test:  determine the reparse python data is a valid reparse file on this system .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  retrieves   restoring
truth:  retrieves   data

test:  whether the function call .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  prevents   reported
truth:  prevents   function

test:  validate unicode id or :py:class:unicode string .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  return a copy of the string s in the from the given string .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  renders the template context .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  pulls   building
truth:  pulls   tag

test:  consume url 4d3185662ca61bc9fa1bdf1ec0166f6e5ecf86c6/bigtable-client-core/src/ binary special socket .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  consume   prioritized
truth:  consume   messages

test:  get the string name .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  drop   eliminating
truth:  drop   cache

test:  create a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if filename is a file .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  creates the opengl web server to box .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  draw   collate
truth:  draw   box

test:  decorator to do the response returned by the response .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  decorated   constrained
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  returns a [-2 for frequencies .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the items in the next hierarchy of the historys .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  given   extract
truth:  given   version

test:  helper method to grab grab sessionmaker up with future .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   address
truth:  return   sqlalchemy

test:  restores the path from an earlier config file .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  sets   unquoting
truth:  sets   environment

test:  generates a ctypes function that returns a pointer value for the ctypes output .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute a path with given path .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  construct   continues
truth:  construct   svg

test:  apply function of two inputs of graph d1 .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  helper to make sure the given object can be converted to a float .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove all ansi color references from the source .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  remove   polynomials
truth:  remove   codes

test:  return true if the graph is a biconnected components of g .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  search path for a path in the directory tree .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  iterates over the requirements file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  yield   mounts
truth:  yield   objects

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  appends   emitting
truth:  appends   character

test:  add a new comments to the comment .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  prints   dataframe
truth:  prints   comments

test:  given an application name and a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  a helper function which takes a list of dna .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generates a generator for all objects .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generate   regressiont
truth:  generate   index

test:  include all the filters in a cluster if one doesnt exist .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  include   located
truth:  include   method

test:  return the list of all error codes from the input data .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  return   capturing
truth:  return   error

test:  extract a list of the query choices from a collection of choices .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  select   int
truth:  select   match

test:  converts value to a byte-string if it is of type or unicode .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  calls users .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieves   generate
truth:  retrieves   users

test:  gets the pci requests based on 10 .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  get   knapsack
truth:  get   request

test:  receives a command line .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  starts   decorates
truth:  starts   web

test:  copies a queryoptions object to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   flow
truth:  copies   fields

test:  defined in a series defaults to generate a new value .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  set   resolving
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  grabs merge strategies for load balancer .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  a sequence of the first kind of cv .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  this method checks if the input is a bsd or not .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  initialize --branch neural network with --branch .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  stripping   enqueued
truth:  stripping   po

test:  adapt the blob from a blob or uri .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  objects   mounts
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create create exceptions .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  function used to skip a test case .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return the current response href from the response body .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  extract   access
truth:  extract   url

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  set the output of the current payment so that we can read the debugging .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  a simple view that expects remote user .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  get a list of s3 image represented by the values .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  return x values if x is none .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  arise arise .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  runs   exhaust
truth:  runs   conversion

test:  check that all scripting sessions are present in the folder .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  import a dotted module path and return the attribute/class designated by the last name in the path .
truth: source: django . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  simple example with a single setup .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of unique elements of a key .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  format   enhance
truth:  format   items

test:  the inverse of the row x_i in a matrix .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  make sure empty is small .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns true if the filepath is a fits filepath or file-like object .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  determine   evaluated
truth:  determine   origin

test:  compute reconstruction in the reconstruction over a polynomial in k[x_0 .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator for views that require moderator .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  removes the edges between node1 and node2 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  pulls   descend
truth:  pulls   edges

test:  generates a communities of communities that can be used with community .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  given a bytestring in python 2 and the python 3 compatible with the markdown library .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  takes   talking
truth:  takes   dict

test:  search for google cloud apis .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  use   fold
truth:  use   backend

test:  reset index in data .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dictionary with matching status dicts and a given user as dictionaries with default value .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  returns the things that are on the same as django .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  collect   specifies
truth:  collect   methods

test:  mock mock dummy request to return a mock instance .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  write data to a file .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  validates the emails for the node .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  remove the clean files .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  cleanup   flattens
truth:  cleanup   output

test:  get the quoted .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  serialize the provided xml element into an xml representation .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  serialize   uncheck
truth:  serialize   element

test:  create a idle egg for a feed .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  computes the lmq cost of applying a penalty to the given penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  helper to create a variable stored on variable stored in a normal variable .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the last item of a window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  setup the mficlient sensor .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  parse an http header into a tuple of .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fetch the archive from the given url .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  a python 2d or get the isdata of an object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  check gitlab .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  pulls   forgot
truth:  pulls   project

test:  this is a simple middleware that parses the input given by the user from create_payload .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test sentiment test .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   span

test:  implements the operations with the given version of a given job .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  retrieves items from the index and times them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  returns a dictionary of name-value mappings params from a dict .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  split   raise
truth:  split   term

test:  a decorator which is the same functions in eapply .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  apply   accepting
truth:  apply   e

test:  parse a page .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  detects   ip
truth:  detects   paths

test:  if the correctness of a correctness is different .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   currents
truth:  writes   state

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   spawn
truth:  initalize   devices

test:  add new environment variables to root directory .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  binom histogram function .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  pulls   unshelve
truth:  pulls   interval

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  fit a new history .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  from "writing jobs" at least one is a reserved location .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  in a document .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  generate   validates
truth:  generate   addition

test:  logistic linear filter in the points .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  note   pulls
truth:  note   null

test:  converts camel-case style names to camel-case format .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  create a hashed failure .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  test   do
truth:  test   hashes

test:  calls serially .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  unpack the unicode data into one .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  determine the type of an interface type .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  gets   paging
truth:  gets   interface

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  integrate the d-dimensional function a and returns the correlation coefficient .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  evaluate cutoff .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write to a file .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   labeled
truth:  update   file

test:  data type wrapper for snipmate .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  helper function that instantiates one or more array blocks in the required elements .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  mill a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  cancel all methods adding all scopes to the given browser .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add a profile to a profile .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  disable the monitoring enhanced stream with name stream_name .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  fast fastq to generic histogram conversion .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  like getattr but none .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  sets   constrain
truth:  sets   attribute

test:  dependencies are satisfied if it does not exist .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  returns the indices where each row matches the shape of the indices in indices .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  create a node to handle the given title from a node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  create   implemented
truth:  create   x11

test:  visualize a transport event bus and return the event data suitable for the named transport .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets the running time zone .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  get a storage instance mapping from a storage instance usage instance .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  function   define
truth:  function   path

test:  downloads a single package .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  uploads   downloading
truth:  uploads   package

test:  given a list of user ids .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   coordinates
truth:  returns   exploration

test:  set the current database to salt .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   predicate
truth:  format   sql

test:  write the exported version of a file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  get all releases linked to a track with a limit .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   instanticates
truth:  get   releases

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  detach a virtual network to a management account .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  remove   looping
truth:  remove   node

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  truncates the current contents of the resetwarnings .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  clear   eventlet
truth:  clear   warning

test:  in the case of a setup .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  yield   leaving
truth:  yield   cython

test:  used to track and assign the data to a file .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  process   format
truth:  process   parameter

test:  in the document to get a qcolor for a query string .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   defines
truth:  fix   attributes

test:  inject access rules if a view does not already exist .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  reset a unit for a given technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  resets   xlsx
truth:  resets   query

test:  return the contents of an interface script cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as long as long as long as long to deny set to deny
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  creates a string for a given type number .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  send http requests for production stack .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  configure   hacked
truth:  configure   buffer

test:  relative condition number of the matrix exponential in the frobenius method .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  construct   r^2
truth:  construct   form

test:  convert an opcode to a string .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  return the hash of the git commands .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  output the key for all job ids or less than one .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  convert a dictionary of python values to a string containing indexing .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a signed message .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  returns   sign
truth:  returns   pair

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  generate simple position in the correct curl of size types .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  given a task description .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return true if the file extension is bad .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  identify   config
truth:  identify   patterns

test:  associate dhcp option delete vpc id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  test   forbid
truth:  test   options

test:  create the verifier to use as a verifier .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate tests for a single test .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  default   unpin
truth:  default   routine

test:  table a datasets metadata .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  renders capa and return the template string rendered .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  fixture that returns a dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   carry
truth:  fixture   test

test:  return the status for a service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  memo decorator to evaluate each recurrence of the recurrence http sequences .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  pulls   convert
truth:  pulls   sequences

test:  query dns mounts on a specified dict cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   logfilesize
truth:  list   linux

test:  get the mysensors notification service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  index a permission search based on the current search version .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  add   dos
truth:  add   search

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  generate a unique key from a string in a given args .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  creates a generation bucket that can be stored in the given scenario .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   fixed
truth:  creates   scenario

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc return a string .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  returns true if the field is a k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pretty-print a string to a certain width .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  notifies exists usage for the notification usage for an event notification .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  generates   initialized
truth:  generates   notification

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  context manager to temporarily add stderr output to sys .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   feeds
truth:  context   stderr

test:  test no data .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  reset template info for template data .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   eliminating
truth:  reset   cache

test:  reads given project as a project .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  use vf with bridges network_id .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  process   fitnesse
truth:  process   events

test:  get the current environment variable .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  a helper function to generate a hash .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  used   eliminating
truth:  used   cache

test:  return the metric of the nodes in the graph .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  return   sift
truth:  return   metric

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  attempts to parse a bootstrap bootstrap message from the bootstrap of the given message .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  return   shortens
truth:  return   classes

test:  get aws provisioner value from amazon credentials .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  compute a path to a file .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  locate   labeled
truth:  locate   file

test:  returns field or not an empty set of syndrome .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  create the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  return   joined
truth:  return   decryption

test:  create an elb resource ids .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  access a message with a user .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  create an example for a service .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  create   inputs
truth:  create   monitor

test:  return a fully-qualified copy of the passed state .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  set   preload
truth:  set   content

test:  documents the resource action to a resources .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  create non-none non-none items along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  add intersections of loop with the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  saves texture in src .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  creates   grabs
truth:  creates   png

test:  wrap a single topicsread with a long-running topic .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given source .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  wait for a proxy to be executed by the port .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  starts   distribute
truth:  starts   proxy

test:  translates the exception message as returned by the given indicator name .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  translates   eliminates
truth:  translates   elements

test:  get pci device by node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  read a dir and return all embedded files .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  execute   optimized
truth:  execute   script

test:  sets the request level .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  import a dotted-path module name into the appropriate type .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  using a new transplant .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  transfer   rescanning
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require tutorial project .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   carry
truth:  require   test

test:  returns an tmpdir compatible dict representation of a trace .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  get the requested movie play nsobject .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   lets
truth:  get   handler

test:  step 1b .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   answers
truth:  step   handles

test:  sends the messages to a topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  read   simulating
truth:  read   input

test:  splitpasswd --> user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  get the linear variables that can be used as a banner .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  generate a unique digest of a given text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  converts an object into a template .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   reduce
truth:  convert   shorthand

test:  formats the given unit with a random unit units .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  takes   query
truth:  takes   position

test:  build the full path separator .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  extract   define
truth:  extract   path

test:  decorator for marking test function or method .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  assert that the expected response is on the expected server .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   barcodes
truth:  assert   http

test:  summarize a |chunks| such that xa .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  process the mapreduce .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  aborts   deregister
truth:  aborts   jobs

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ unattached .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  pulls   apps_count_installed
truth:  pulls   gateway

test:  compile_single compile the given pyrex implementation file and return a compilationresult .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   monitor
truth:  compile   compile

test:  import the module to get the database .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  evaluate a constraint .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a subset of the elements of *x* .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  find   regressiont
truth:  find   index

test:  returns a panel object tied to the panel in the panel .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   mutate
truth:  add   column

test:  converts a string value to a valid lowercase .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  prepend   listen
truth:  prepend   key

test:  convert a time namespace to timeval .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of files from a given directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  test reconstruction where the image and mask are the same .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  return the information about a signal .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   shared
truth:  escapes   string

test:  test if the current node is a certain import of a node .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  detect   looping
truth:  detect   node

test:  computes the points of a sequence of duty bounds .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  computes the russellrao distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  doji star .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  pulls   printed
truth:  pulls   pattern

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated function is valid .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  create a celery task .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  starts   polishing
truth:  starts   celery

test:  displays daily table of daily hours .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  display   bounds
truth:  display   table

test:  check to see if pillar is available .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  signal   builds
truth:  signal   minion

test:  returns the path to the program provided it exists and is on the systems path retrieved from code snippet by jay: url test-if-executable-exists-in-python .
truth: source: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  convert a sequence of distributions to a string .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  translate   shared
truth:  translate   string

test:  decode a jpeg string into one 3-d .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get all the available languages of all the aaq .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  adds   switch
truth:  adds   list

test:  asserts that the partial url is up .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  convert the value into an integer .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  wait for a expression to become the assertion expression .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  helper function to allow querying collection to tuples .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  imports the json module of the given json module .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  validates that value is a valid instance of categorical .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   piercing
truth:  returns   article

test:  retry the decorated function if assertion is true .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  creates   float
truth:  creates   decorator

test:  stop eventlet .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   pyopenssls
truth:  stop   greenlet

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  async version of fits query .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return text in triple-double-quoted python 3 .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  noop   reported
truth:  noop   function

test:  determine the full name of the specified package name .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  return a list of services that are enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model priority .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  show the daemons number of command .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  uses   logfilesize
truth:  uses   linux

test:  ensure that the first argument passed is of the first one .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  check   unescaped
truth:  check   entries

test:  merge two sorted list of chain .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  takes   decoding
truth:  takes   lists

test:  return the iterator of the plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   alignment
truth:  load   section

test:  returns l1 norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  activate the content at revision .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   capitalizes
truth:  make   revision

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return the current environment .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  checks whether a country is a leading leading zero zero or not .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  checks   rq
truth:  checks   country

test:  return the offset for a .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  offset   pulls
truth:  offset   null

test:  returns url of github url .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get the number of polygon in the loop to the number of tiles .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   converse
truth:  get   ratio

test:  delete options .
truth: close indices . 
test:  close   sparsedataset
truth:  close   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  calculates the z score of the values in the input array .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  creates the email with the email address and password in the email settings .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   restart
truth:  creates   account

test:  test chart rendering with interpolation .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  check   replay
truth:  check   chart

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  helper function to return all dict of all field names .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  pulls   disabling
truth:  pulls   filenames

test:  how many video outputs does this media player have? .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the temperature sensor .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  gets   multistringformfields
truth:  gets   temperature

test:  reboot a machine by name cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as unsafe:: has a checks if a simple method .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  test that figure with a figure .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   parens
truth:  test   figure

test:  if a file exists .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  force   trivial
truth:  force   connection

test:  get the line with the lower line string .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  close poles with joined level close to close distributions parameters p1 : list of segmentation returns: boolean determine if effort is true or false .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  verify that value is a valid message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in user .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  start the tomcat service .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  upload the repository to a stream .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  remote   yields
truth:  remote   push

test:  test that debug logs a file .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   attriute
truth:  test   stdout

test:  function for displaying expression representations with vector printing enabled .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  returns   sums
truth:  returns   expression

test:  a unicode-safe version of the input value .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  pickles   utf-8
truth:  pickles   argument

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   increment
truth:  function   gradient

test:  only create an alloc from a local unary .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dict describing random items according to limit .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data from a dataset .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  set up the test case to the specified scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   fixed
truth:  set   scenario

test:  generate a tuple f(x) at the beginning of a set of numbers .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  make a color tuple with the given color tuple .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  turn   returns
truth:  turn   something

test:  activate the git-checkout(1)_ animations .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   synchronize
truth:  matching   addresses

test:  ipdb importer .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of changed packages that have changed .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  set list of all languages in the provided language .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  get head stats .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  addresses issue #5835 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  addresses   pulls
truth:  addresses   null

test:  returns activation function by the name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  parse a mapping file with the content of a file .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  make sure that the given crash is no crash .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  reads all of the given collectors .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   clone
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond5 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  returns all random settings for a user .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  makes unique ids and .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  get the font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   reset
truth:  get   reader

test:  group add view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   astring
truth:  add   route

test:  maximum of a tensor .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  add an adapter network bridge .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  create   deserialized
truth:  create   bridge

test:  disconnect all of the state of all loaded files .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  disconnect   pulls
truth:  disconnect   null

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  build the command-line arguments listed below .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  builds   rectify
truth:  builds   parser

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  return a random color string .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   been
truth:  return   format

test:  creates a non value for a local field .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  release only one value to another .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  update the num queue .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  given a tag or a node .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  equality_expression : relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  both the architecture and the architecture architecture .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  parameters retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  print a hook to stdout .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  enable   flattens
truth:  enable   output

test:  return gif .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  construct a slug from the master .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  execute queries against sqlcipher .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  execute   expects
truth:  execute   queries

test:  generator wrapper around djangos base64 .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns the value of a given user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return lower bound to produce a list of lower values .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  joins two sorted arrays .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  left   input_string
truth:  left   join

test:  returns a custom formstyle for the incident table .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   predicate
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test that an error is right from a icrs .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   attributes
truth:  test   arrays

test:  helper function to check if any currently active code is not found .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  run the command through switchs config .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  display the file configuration .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  parse a html string into a tree .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  computes the paired distances distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   capitalize
truth:  computes   distances

test:  run a scheduled pending pending default scheduler .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   deregister
truth:  run   jobs

test:  convert image and rois .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  project   forwards
truth:  project   image

test:  return a string representing the information on the minion cli example: .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  internet method to return a ctypes virtual directory .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  try to install and easyinstall .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  instantiate a local cert with the led server .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  creates   clones
truth:  creates   server

test:  given a user_id .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  returns true if the version is a beta beta version .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  convert a string into a time .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  parse   unpublicizes
truth:  parse   description

test:  plot evoked data as a matplotlib figure with an discovery topo .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  check for docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this will return the thumbnail url for a source .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  return the lower scalar in smallest .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  checks   attributes
truth:  checks   arrays

test:  process element from attribute dictionary .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  we only snapshots in some string .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  scrub a list of paths into a plain dict .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  rebuild   drawing
truth:  rebuild   tags

test:  get the matrix to the frequency diags .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  initialize a new spellchecking with the current process .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  coerce value to a json formatted str in the db .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is changed to none .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  test   converted
truth:  test   block

test:  instantiate a new plugin .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  rebuild   poll
truth:  rebuild   versions

test:  put a lock .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  refresh   constructs
truth:  refresh   lock

test:  check that the package version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  ad-hoc ad-hoc .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  create a unicode string from a url in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns true if g has no independent independent set .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  load a class by name .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  returns the raw fa items of a matrix .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  computes a linear regression correlation coefficient .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  generates   restoring
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote -> list .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  removes   learn
truth:  removes   quotes

test:  get the ids of the gamma distribution .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  test that the random number is properly returned .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  verify   expr
truth:  verify   valueerror

test:  creates a color dict from the given qt class .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  build   detects
truth:  build   color

test:  update review reviews for app reviews .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  takes   scans
truth:  takes   pairs

test:  convert an http time string to a unix time .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the number of docker image and not a string that can be used as an image .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  for adding a url .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  add   inform
truth:  add   entry

test:  gets all fixed ips for the given virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  change confirmation email .
truth: change users email . 
test:  change   equalize
truth:  change   email

test:  push a double bits onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   capture
truth:  push   bit

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  messaging delete page .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  returns the expected error message for the specified user .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  use an etag_func() that returns unquoted .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   unsqueezing
truth:  install   setuptools

test:  automatically authenticate the exception when activated is blank or post .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  logs   applied
truth:  logs   trace

test:  enable the service on the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  returns the url of the given url .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  compare   xlsx
truth:  compare   query

test:  helper average average decay over average decay .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  creates event .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  creates   controls
truth:  creates   ids

test:  compare two dictionaries to files in %} .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  choose   focused
truth:  choose   dates

test:  private function to add default values to a list of modules .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   customized
truth:  get   salt

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   wanted
truth:  construct   filename

test:  returns terminal size of a given number .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  shortcut for open .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  determine   tear
truth:  determine   module

test:  return a pb implementation .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  resize   plucks
truth:  resize   window

test:  a list of users that are available .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  retrieves single layer objects based on current site .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  fetches   enhance
truth:  fetches   items

test:  returns an encoder for the message field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  cross-platform version of os .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  check to ensure that rescale to a baseline file is available .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   located
truth:  log   method

test:  return a formal .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  pulls   newlines
truth:  pulls   dimensions

test:  reconstruction reconstruction on an array should be a zero .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  accept keys based on a glob match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  accept   review
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  decrypt encrypted_data with the private key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  encodes unicode id to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  utf-8   unifies
truth:  utf-8   encoding

test:  update the prec of a file .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return data to a pg server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   fleiss
truth:  return   mysql

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk file are marked as root .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  initialize a container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  normalize case of scm .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  ajax view that returns the whole video can be either via ajax or an extension of the given document .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  exeggcutess female backsprite .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set windows nic to searching cli example: .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  uk -  .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  -   allocate
truth:  -   user

test:  returns a dict of data that can be used to store the given job id .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  converts a sparse matrix in sparse matrix a sparse matrix from an iterable of weighted edge triples .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  unquote all the keys in input dictionary are found in the input dict .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  restores   usage_key_string
truth:  restores   view

test:  get the window of an app registry .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   routing
truth:  get   registry

test:  context manager to change the fakewebtab directory to the context .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  test that the coordinate resolution can be right from obstime to the obstime .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  checks   align
truth:  checks   observation

test:  check if a given header is set correctly .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  check   assume
truth:  check   header

test:  compute the 1-norm of g .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   repairs
truth:  compute   correlation

test:  returns a tensorflow tensor .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  create a bound parameter in the insert statement to receive a prefetched default value .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   sums
truth:  create   expression

test:  get the total root directory .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  read the z-file from a dictionary .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  remove irc color and/or single space characters from string .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  setup a canned .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  see   safe_octal
truth:  see   class

test:  simple convenience function .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  make   ascii
truth:  make   gnu

test:  turn all related models in a given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  when deleting the latest version sent to the manifest .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  return an event as a fire event .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   fitnesse
truth:  send   events

test:  randomly select a point in *individual* .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  grab the opts dict of the master config by the users config object .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  check if named file may contain media .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns the value of the user-agent header to use for update requests .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  returns an iterable of length n in chunks of the given list .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  returns the last configuration number .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   unshelve
truth:  returns   interval

test:  require a perms user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  get the amount of sample rss to the local node .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  sample   compose
truth:  sample   usage

test:  update a table with a different versions that can be written as a suggestion .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  register classes using the network specific class .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add melded pillar by loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  returns true if the given address is a throttled .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  determine   based
truth:  determine   address

test:  list partitions by disk cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  list   crops
truth:  list   partitions

test:  convert an integer to a positive integer .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   bench
truth:  ensures   value

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   arrive
truth:  return   escape

test:  given a fused entry .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  pulls   inform
truth:  pulls   entry

test:  get the kernel network interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  dump the blocks in the minion .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  calculate the weighted mean squared objective function .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  transforms   reported
truth:  transforms   function

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  avoid   supports
truth:  avoid   text

test:  check if we need to update anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create a keyfile from gce slave filetype dict .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  return system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  add plugins to the menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  clears the base directory that contains the associated gcf .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  clear   parens
truth:  clear   figure

test:  list task spool .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   mount
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypts   pulls
truth:  encrypts   null

test:  return the base url of a url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns a list of bridge to which the bridge belongs to cli example: .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   totodiles
truth:  returns   machines

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  check that something expressed in the coordinate list can be moon-like as being moon-like .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  check if stack is arity .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns the four four number of the given data .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  for project format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get the output file from a specified python process if it isnt not already been changed .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node that are returned in a switch .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  pulls   attribute
truth:  pulls   statements

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   pack
truth:  prewitt   edge

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  pulls   unzips
truth:  pulls   drivers

test:  generate a context manager that temporarily already exists .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  import the module from the module .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  adu adu :attr .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  complete   pulls
truth:  complete   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to none .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   freeze
truth:  test   processing

test:  returns the hmac-sha256 code for a money currency .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  patch crypto workflow and prevent backends .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  patches   requested
truth:  patches   detection

test:  for computing the periodic registration .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  drops   clip
truth:  drops   record

test:  check if the footer obj exists .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns the version of the project .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  delete text from text .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  returns true if the given word has a positive sentiment .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  convert a string of grafts into one big string .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  returns a function that is used to encode test function in pimap .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the result of an object .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  a command line options to copy of arguments .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  wsgi wsgi application which sets a wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  turns   located
truth:  turns   method

test:  create a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create an asyncio .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check that mongo is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   encoding
truth:  check   mongo

test:  repack options then call to preserve .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  update an existing user .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  removes the above permissions from the wagtailimages_image_model setting .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  the stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   link
truth:  stream   factory

test:  return the cluster equivalent in file in fh .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  generate a identity identity request .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a dict of the item from a list of backward values .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  return a list of the boot boot commands .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  return a continued function that can be used as an array .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  return   manages
truth:  return   expansion

test:  looks at the specified path in the repository .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  match a configuration to the configuration .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  create application instance from the given image .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  instantiate   roundrobin
truth:  instantiate   application

test:  return a wav string based on a file in the given filename .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  makes all tensorflow widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  initialize   branching
truth:  initialize   progress

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   deflate
truth:  parse   config

test:  generate unique uuid .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  put   get_auth_provider
truth:  put   hold

test:  creates the assets for the google directory .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  function for syncing expression representations with correct sampling .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the verisure platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  load a noop no adding the adding adding images at all the compression location of the adding the expected url .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns true if *obj* is a pair .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  pulls   returns
truth:  pulls   something

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   mount
truth:  deletes   task

test:  get all available regions for the amazon codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  tries   stores
truth:  tries   name

test:  individual insert statements in "bulk" .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  batched   attribute
truth:  batched   statements

test:  test function for validation .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  returns a list of default values for the given default .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  adjust floating points into multiple sub data .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  export json to site .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  export   aliased
truth:  export   json

test:  returns a list of module names of the given app name .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  get   init
truth:  get   modules

test:  downloads all the workflows to download .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  downloads   moves
truth:  downloads   updates

test:  create an rpc for storing the given key .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  write the config file if it is present in the config .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  updates   talking
truth:  updates   dict

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup the hyperion sensor platform .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   adding
truth:  setup   gpio

test:  get the list of megacycles .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  declares some extra key to support a flag .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   translates
truth:  declares   flags

test:  test if serializer can be ignored .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   loved
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  pulls   seek
truth:  pulls   subscriptions

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   urlencode
truth:  delete   item

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   dtype
truth:  removes   arg

test:  get the spherical vector3 unit by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr operator .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  top stats from the bucket .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  returns   stopped
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream stream .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get a tool_dependency by name .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  returns   override
truth:  returns   converter

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  testing computation of the fixed length length dict and calculate fixed values for each component .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  get ancestor variables of input .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  show details about an openid direct .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  try to get the current timestamp from a file .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   flip
truth:  emulate   python

test:  make a simple buffer with frame .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   github
truth:  make   frame

test:  remove packages using opkg remove .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   constructs
truth:  remove   lock

test:  create a manage manage .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  return a path relative to the directory where data dir are stored .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  for each pyramid decision in the dict .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  returns a session to the session .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  merge two dictionaries where second_dict values take precedence .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  manage ip list for smtp connections .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  manage   disemvowels
truth:  manage   smtp

test:  verify that the class doesnt support the text .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  failed   containing
truth:  failed   ip

test:  check whether a subtask has been updated by a space .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  store   tile
truth:  store   information

test:  return a list of all redis queues .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  return the users support web page .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   grouping
truth:  return   system

test:  we end the initialization by resetting the server and powers off .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  stop   clones
truth:  stop   server

test:  collects all columns from the columns of a given type .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  locate   mounts
truth:  locate   objects

test:  ignores a url from the wiki page .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  create an otu log table by this function returns the associated log transform .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  test logarithmic option with a bad range of values .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  individual insert/commit to track how many times to one node that is still single theano .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  run a test and return the jupyterhub .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  test   unload
truth:  test   client

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   intrepret
truth:  generate   pdf

test:  register a mapping of dictionaries .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  given   spyders
truth:  given   scheme

test:  return if the project project is different or update .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  return list of all the vms and their info about this hyper cli example: .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns the description of a given adjective dict .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the unquotes algorithm .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  require that the login page to be logged in .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  convert a string argument to a subclass and original name .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  get   binding
truth:  get   fact

test:  gets the model class corresponding to the comment model .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  return file tree after description .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return a dict with the request kwargs set to the given request .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  remove virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   jitter
truth:  remove   guest

test:  test whether a path is a file .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  ignore if the user is not allowed to administer for the sysadmin .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  ignore   allocate
truth:  ignore   user

test:  get the horizontal layers of a matrix .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  show   registers
truth:  show   product

test:  return the projection error between 2 archive archive .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  return   running
truth:  return   math

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   retain
truth:  ask   platform

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  redo norm of the row along axis .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters date:string  formatyyyy-mm-dd  retry_count : int .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  returns the metric for the given name .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return true if the key is multiple primary keys in the primary table .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  find the named vm .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  test installing from a wheel with a wheel .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  convert a dictionary to a list of table names .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  computes the correlation distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  simulate   pings
truth:  simulate   behavior

test:  asserts that some elements of the within some equality .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  assert   collecting
truth:  assert   b

test:  updates the fresh state .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts the window from a set of modules response .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  returns whether the running page is running .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  unclean original patch modified .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert a figure with corners .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  map   overriding
truth:  map   dimension

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns true if or or not already an etag attribute by the randomized kind .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  test   int
truth:  test   match

test:  decode string encoded by unicode_string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request handler .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  process a timestamp as a string .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  process   childnodes
truth:  process   timestamp

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  saves   r^2
truth:  saves   form

test:  decorator that when a session is called .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  frequency scaling of the titles in the range of a sound representation .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  parse html fragment into an optional html representation .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  sanitizes   manage
truth:  sanitizes   fragment

test:  and returns all available updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  set the preferred time zone for the user .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   start
truth:  set   zone

test:  return the check and clear any of the provided tag and the tag value .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  filter   forms
truth:  filter   result

test:  return whether the reuse_db flag was passed .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   trailing
truth:  return   flag

test:  notifies a notification via rpc .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  transform individual index definition to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   hacked
truth:  transform   buffer

test:  construct a free group and inject f_0 .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   rising
truth:  construct   group

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  insert nodes into the path to the node .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   urlencode
truth:  insert   item

test:  for a particular problem for all students on a particular problem in a course .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   project
truth:  generates   ascii

test:  return true if the object is an object .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  repartition dask dataframe using a dd column probability divisions this function has a dd under the divisions you want to wait the divisions for calculating the divisions on a in
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  repartition   pulls
truth:  repartition   null

test:  load a pickle file to a string and return it .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  return the path to the s3cache template folder with a given prefix .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  get a plural for help .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  prompt   xfail
truth:  prompt   help

test:  send an sms .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  return digraph families of directed graph .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  evaluate the hyperbolic matrix a .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  if func is a decorator .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  take list of lists and converts it into formatargvalues string .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  format   simulate
truth:  format   spec

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  can be available module module_name .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  process all rules in the given rule list .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  walk   unescapes
truth:  walk   rule

test:  return the line corresponding to the list .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  return the binary string for an pyinstaller buffer .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the value of a property in the image .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  returns the users password .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  an information about the specified bank file .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  discretize model by taking the oversample interpolation with an image .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the placeholder from cache with the given prefix .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  generate both example rst and save it to both the database .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  returns a data to use in one of the cluster .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  generate adu hash for the given mbid .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  retain a reference to a media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  validates an xml string .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  send an email to the initiator of a pending notification process .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   pulls
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  raises importerror if the specified level level is a subset of the given level .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  read the indicator for an memmap sequence of values .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  pickle   unmap
truth:  pickle   descriptors

test:  estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using mle parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  estimate   reported
truth:  estimate   function

test:  display the settings page .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  find the location of x in y with respect to y .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  return   smooth
truth:  return   vector

test:  check if a file exists and is a chrdev .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  get the file path from the given string .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   thrusting
truth:  return   space

test:  listen for state changes based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   loads
truth:  listen   changes

test:  make the harris points for each images in the given figure .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plots   forwards
truth:  plots   image

test:  formats a human readable size .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   analyzes
truth:  format   size

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   stubbed
truth:  adds   headers

test:  replace none with an empty string .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  append   pulls
truth:  append   null

test:  returns the fifo rate limits .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  get   scaled
truth:  get   queue

test:  set quota usage for a certain value .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  sets   capture
truth:  sets   bit

test:  convert the response dict to response dict .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  return the index where to insert item a to .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  setup the lifx platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  yaml: finder add or override environment variables to html in a build using a build .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  return a suitable part of a partition suitable for use with the given partition .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  filters   convers
truth:  filters   enumeration

test:  gets a human readable list of all the given user_ids .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  converts   controls
truth:  converts   ids

test:  return a fully qualified result of a class with a string .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  result   shared
truth:  result   string

test:  reads the pid from <program_name> .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate all pairwise elements in a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  pair   pulls
truth:  pair   null

test:  constructs a tuple of greisen .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  tests   docfield
truth:  tests   angle

test:  test sensitivity specificity is specificity with a prediction .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   commits
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  sorts a string by comparing it to unicode .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   suppose
truth:  unicode   algorithm

test:  produce a dictionary with all values of the provided dictionary .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  remove   review
truth:  remove   keys

test:  common code is used in the exc_info of the python interpreter .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  unpack a septets sequence into a sequence of septets bytes .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek 1000 units .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   categorize
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the hyperbolic sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   returning
truth:  evaluates   tan

test:  get the mattermost options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  removes colors from text .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  generate the directory tree that is actually an optional covers .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  copy api-version from one or more iterables to a single column .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  determines whether the specified file is a proxy namespace .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  render a formset that is being rendered layout .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  add a new service cli example: .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  add   reduced
truth:  add   cli

test:  a list of available strings .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  stats   attacked
truth:  stats   stats

test:  installs the rewrite and python packages and repository .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  decorator to mark generator values in the system .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  parses the behavior of a resource and returns a tuple .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  reads and returns a contents of the specified cache .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   restoring
truth:  compile   data

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular review requests .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  convert a string to a list of twisted bytes .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  decorator for registering and rcode in radians .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  writes the filesystem representation to cache object with the given name .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  writes   enhanced
truth:  writes   object

test:  given a file extension .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  verify   attempt
truth:  verify   extension

test:  generate the attribute lookup -- used to generate the underlying base file name .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  generate   overlay
truth:  generate   func

test:  check if the response is upgrade .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  match   pulls
truth:  match   null

test:  infer a class of the given type on the class .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  show the details of an operator .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  show   rescanning
truth:  show   weights

test:  associate current auth with the email address .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  get the current thread for an object .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  converts a node to a svm node .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   presents
truth:  convert   mapping

test:  writes a file to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  decorator for methods which are not implemented in the hadoop file or fileupload .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   registers
truth:  find   product

test:  validate that a model is supported in the model .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  check   pushing
truth:  check   model

test:  add a point in point to the nearest point .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  clean up the module .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  fires before user-entered code runs .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   batch
truth:  fires   code

test:  simple class for blockdiag .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  like locate_unbalanced_start .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  show google domains for all apps .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  sets   estimating
truth:  sets   domains

test:  updates a users profile in the datastore with a new user has the the following fields .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  return -1 for item of array x .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  select   eliminates
truth:  select   elements

test:  this is a <style> of the nodes of gpu tree .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  perform a sizer for a group field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  run changed languages in the database .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  pulls   changes
truth:  pulls   languages

test:  itemgetter a tuple of length 1 .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  run a task hook if the given task is valid .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  invokes   challengenes
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   echoes
truth:  obtain   prefixes

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate wrapper shell script for java test sources .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  build   register
truth:  build   wrapper

test:  concatenate a list of links .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  concatenate   exposes
truth:  concatenate   values

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  computes the cumulative product of the input array x .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the default locale parameters from category .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  returns   printing
truth:  returns   locale

test:  io_add_watch -> iterator generator .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  do not expose method in public api .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  utf-8   pulls
truth:  utf-8   null

test:  write all the currently used to copy files to a temp directory .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   sanitize
truth:  write   libraries

test:  drop stats from log file .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  compute   attacked
truth:  compute   stats

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  completes command with current environment vars .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  prefixes   echoes
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  check that it works and it behaves roughly as it .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the padded string with the given name .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  get the top ndarray ids from the top of the ids .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  update dns message based tm .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  pulls   overlapping
truth:  pulls   tm

test:  parse a copy of a dependencygrammar reference a string containing a longer parsed .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  resolve   orthoganlize
truth:  resolve   hash

test:  return the adapter name and mac address for an adapter .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  transforms a trace that has an set_type to a dataframe with the original chains of alternate variables .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  convert   embeds
truth:  convert   pandas

test:  ensure that all rules have no rules that should be removed .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  converts any given object to its string .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  manifest the packages .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  calculate   poll
truth:  calculate   versions

test:  get the current system packages cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  helper to iterate over some chars .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  get handle error handle .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  get   wrapping
truth:  get   handle

test:  check the number of individual clf .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  compute   mocks
truth:  compute   scores

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  creates a new campaign for the given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return the current component of a pathname .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  imports the paths and returns a list of paths to the available paths .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  default view for adding dictionary to the dictionary .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  mimics   lambda
truth:  mimics   django

test:  returns system information for ssl potential if a list is valid .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  verifies that the context has admin rights according to policy setting .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  convenience function for standardizing inputs by applying a layer in a tensor .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  creates a new private key and the base64 encoded value .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  returns a list of versions for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   poll
truth:  returns   versions

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the img onto a canvas at the specified position and add it to a new canvas .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  used   indicating
truth:  used   images

test:  find all the gating milestones for the given course and the xblock .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  finds   svn
truth:  finds   dicts

test:  wait to see insert output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  wait   xlsx
truth:  wait   query

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  bootstrap the packages from the given flavor .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  bootstrap   forwards
truth:  bootstrap   image

test:  return the violation params to the specified file .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  start the user-agent .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  make a review branch dialogs .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  diff   capitalizes
truth:  diff   revision

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the current environment .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  some of the given target .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  move the last character and the new instance .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  add   emitting
truth:  add   character

test:  retrieve the cpu from cpu task by a process of the given pid .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  provide the input data for each period of the matrix np .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  function   colorizes
truth:  function   matlab

test:  reorder reorder in cartesian .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  rotate   prepopulates
truth:  rotate   bits

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  ensure that snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of the snapshot of destroy harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   indexes
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the gaussian distribution of the samples over the passed in the given coordinate .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  get the size of a certain points that represents a new one .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  calculates   bench
truth:  calculates   value

test:  check if the required unit changes .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  transform a list of table objects into a list of table names .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   echo
truth:  get   minimum

test:  represented an entry .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  parses a string representing a number of bytes .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  assert that the items of the list is before blocks of items before blocks it .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  quote a string for use as a regular expression .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  convert an image into a sequence of bytes .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  for usage with container sync .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   behave
truth:  usage   sync

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor platform .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  add flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  adds a function to the thread .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  check the python source location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   widening
truth:  determine   location

test:  returns a string of the number of si .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  outputs   tests
truth:  outputs   span

test:  find the four four data from a given data value .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  get the scaling policy for a group .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse an s3 uri into local db uri .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  returns the map of a given type or name .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  map   teardown
truth:  map   type

test:  convert unix ticks into a time instance .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  deprecated   skipped
truth:  deprecated   use

test:  return the .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  sets the equivalencies registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  add all correct migrations in the correct program .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  download   unquote
truth:  download   note

test:  create a generic ip .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  raise an exception if the container parent directory is not currently running .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  extended euclidean algorithm for bup .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   suppose
truth:  extended   algorithm

test:  try to execute a prompt .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns the version of locate cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns a list of deterministic .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  parse a valid looking format string to a string .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return status of a response .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  get the inheritance object args: obj_name a the name of the object .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  get   remote_api
truth:  get   inheritance

test:  shows all of the due date progress information about a student progress in a particular course .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  special function to help return a context manager .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  definition : .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  multiply the square matrix with the square bits .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the file file path based on os x .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   stores
truth:  displays   name

test:  lesser lesser files and request .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  pulls   generating
truth:  pulls   shell

test:  create an ssh public key .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  clean   restoring
truth:  clean   data

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  test the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  return   projects
truth:  return   cci

test:  returns image metadata of a dict of http headers into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob or an image .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  a salt instance that throws an exception if the form-encoded are not a valid array .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  used   lstrip
truth:  used   set

test:  returns a new graph content from source nodes .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  convert a string using double braces format to format .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  adjust the ip address .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  take   switch
truth:  take   list

test:  return a port for the packages specified by ability to remove the package in the package .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  pulls   receives
truth:  pulls   port

test:  validates that most common element exist .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   exposes
truth:  validates   values

test:  inversion graph roots to make sense .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  surround   banned
truth:  surround   children

test:  test that a trivial example using a newline that a href=" .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  ensure   shows
truth:  ensure   subclass

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  stub function that will be routed in the current line .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  refresh   small_stmts
truth:  refresh   line

test:  sets the date on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   temperature
truth:  sets   date

test:  generate a regenerate template .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve a users course by its identifier .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  retrieves   disconnect
truth:  retrieves   courses

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return a loop that is the same as the current ioloop .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the cross cross product of %z .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  cross   register
truth:  cross   wrapper

test:  test cloning a git repository from an editable url which contains "dev" where url .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  test   commit
truth:  test   repository

test:  after parsing the channels .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   sums
truth:  pick   expression

test:  simulates the diff string and returns a unified diff .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  generate   asserts
truth:  generate   diff

test:  create a palette with the specified color and a class_name with color color .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  get the default currency of the current currency .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorate a function to be called before executing unauthenticated .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  extracts the custom token from body and returns a dictionary .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  generates url for a given url for a given target .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return true if the named service is enabled at boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  extract request .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  pulls   receiving
truth:  pulls   js

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 format .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new pressed note that care of an existing fragment .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   preface
truth:  generates   degree

test:  remove a bom from a bom .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  removes a single tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  generate a file url for a file .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  load   indicating
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  return a list of the image that are on the provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  decorator to generate the stdout class that use streams .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  replaces   takes
truth:  replaces   stream

test:  push a repository mirror list to the git mirror repository .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  apply   yields
truth:  apply   push

test:  return the request link to the environment variable .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  load social auth current user data to context .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  add   targeting
truth:  add   backends

test:  notify subscribed users about new suggestion .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  notify   bootstrap
truth:  notify   suggestion

test:  detect the config file on the device .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  setup the rfxtrx in the ifttt config .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  returns a list of all its age .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  converts all the keys in "data_dict" to strings .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  set   review
truth:  set   keys

test:  get the list of files of tasks of a given file .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  set adjust option as float .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  set   cause
truth:  set   option

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  pulls   interact
truth:  pulls   legendre

test:  check for uhandle .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  pulls   find
truth:  pulls   boolean

test:  set the amount of memory usage of the named vm cli example: .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   store
truth:  changes   memory

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  read each options containing all lines from job .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  escape & .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  check whether the html certificates exists in the course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  determine   catch
truth:  determine   course

test:  returns a new task .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  run   establish
truth:  run   py

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  renders the storage account details for the storage account .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   bounds
truth:  renders   table

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the boykov algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get api method for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   install
truth:  get   response

test:  returns true if the specified docker exists cli example: .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  check   satisfy
truth:  check   container

test:  helper function to check if the given plugin_type has the given permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  shift the sources .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  convert the value is a scalar .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns the dir to use in the given pages .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  fetch a task entity by id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  registers vcs handler .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  render accumulated view .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  check that mayavi version is supported .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  pretty print a filename .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  parse a time in iso 8601 format .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  test the rtmockclient .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  parses a snapshot of a snapshot .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   loved
truth:  parse   doc

test:  returns an array of standard sample values .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  create a new datacenter in the specified datacenter .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  creates   deleted
truth:  creates   datacenter

test:  helper function to strip off tags effects from strings .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  reset calendar .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  handle   deallocate
truth:  handle   worker

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  replace bound name in class passes the class to be a class .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  entry point for sphinx extension .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  construct   mutes
truth:  construct   app

test:  converts a control instance to a cloudblockstoragevolume instance .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  custom formstyle for he on the incident foundation .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate the string representation of the current inject list of visualization .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generate   rolls
truth:  generate   substitution

test:  generate a new private key for rsa .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  uploads a bucket by a new encryption key .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  uploads   enhanced
truth:  uploads   object

test:  get the perfectly points in a given list .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  check if we are running on windows .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  try to determine which  the input point in a user by a given unit .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  convert a protobuf into a protobuf .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  populates   pushing
truth:  populates   model

test:  loads a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  helper function for use in a url .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  creates a vocabulary .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  compute the blended transform for the noise factory .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  obtain   offset
truth:  obtain   parameters

test:  ensure that the named index template is absent name the name of the template to remove template .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   regressiont
truth:  ensure   index

test:  convert an image into the image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  handle   choice
truth:  handle   formats

test:  this function checks if we are a valid string .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  return the complete url for a backend .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  gets   spawns
truth:  gets   endpoint

test:  this function returns a script that uses the application .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   patched
truth:  get   y

test:  return a new unique id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  see that all identifier functions can be updated as special params .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  tests   usage_key_string
truth:  tests   view

test:  sets the local number of cuda cuda configuration for the given cuda .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  function   rectified
truth:  function   cuda

test:  tries to expands a language for one of the page represented by a given title .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  pulls   consisting
truth:  pulls   link

test:  parse a finder function for a path .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  returns true if any items are already authorized .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  check   reveal
truth:  check   sequence

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  same as a >= b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  returns a tuple of the complete version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  determine if the given node has a new one or more signals .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator to track track change the track of a track .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  create a stim channel for all effects of the same events .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  synthesize   overrides
truth:  synthesize   channel

test:  the following has length label values in previous_labels .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  draw   preprocessing
truth:  draw   char

test:  return the first 4-d keys from a string .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  parse   eliminates
truth:  parse   elements

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  format code for writing code entry .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  formats   batch
truth:  formats   code

test:  make sure that the executable named path is not in the default shell command .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  extract   initializes
truth:  extract   program

test:  build the display options for the display of the options .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  model a case with upload concurrency .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  load a filename in the given file .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of unresolved activities with the given ids .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  gets   coordinates
truth:  gets   exploration

test:  generate affected cases for a single feature .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  generate   cleave
truth:  generate   providers

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  test io for label + labels .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  return a union of the body in a with the given jobs .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  compute a list/dict of a matrix .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   searching
truth:  return   architecture

test:  get the path to the theme theme by the given theme .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test if we have a duplicate keys .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  test   svn
truth:  test   dicts

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   inverts
truth:  attach   statuses

test:  move through n exit moves n from the south command .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   extended
truth:  move   exit

test:  there is no threading that runs the stats from the minion .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  return true if a is not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove an item from the queue .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  dont evaluate from the given variable and return a module .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  translate   point
truth:  translate   status

test:  add version string to sys .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  initialize   determine
truth:  initialize   projects

test:  locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   present
truth:  locate   role

test:  test that an api has an invalid user .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compare two paths of key-value strings .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  validate one of the user and the replacement for the given addon .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  simple command-line config or *value* generation parameters _connect : url buffer or same-length .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  create a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   mount
truth:  create   task

test:  project redirects to project name .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  prints out a blobs acl for the given user .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  prints   emit
truth:  prints   access

test:  returns a list of the media 'media .
truth: the media page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  convert a string into a number .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  gets the path of the qiime project .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  returns   deconvolves
truth:  returns   level

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a string identifying the versioned hmac hmac .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  provide   polygon
truth:  provide   hmac

test:  parses a request uri into its paths and the branch .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  parse   knapsack
truth:  parse   request

test:  returns a formatted summary of all changes applied to the given model .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  generate   import
truth:  generate   summary

test:  capture tokens by fakeiostreams .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  save   attriute
truth:  save   stdout

test:  calibration the calibration for a vector .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  align the alignment to down a given number of x .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  parse metadata file .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  returns   cause
truth:  returns   option

test:  return a string with the given key msg .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render an icon to the tracker .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   resizes
truth:  render   icon

test:  run command using subprocess .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  capture   pulls
truth:  capture   null

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  extracts environment environment overrides dictionary by the current environment .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  writes configuration to a configuration file cli example: .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  writes   deflate
truth:  writes   config

test:  same as a .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  search for a search page .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  create a connection with a cinder subject .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  make sure setinterval raises an error .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  execute the salt module .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  parse a date string and return a time-zone aware datetime object .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parse   cross
truth:  parse   iso8601

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   dwindle
truth:  returns   neighbor

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  compute a split_name for a file to and list hasher .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  hash   bartels
truth:  hash   contents

test:  calculates a multidimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the system seconds of system and return the system .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  return   sampling
truth:  return   clock

test:  get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   squeezing
truth:  get   uuid

test:  create and return a eucliden from a string .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns the absolute path to the users repository .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  determine   crop
truth:  determine   directory

test:  logs a response to the client .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  logs   automate
truth:  logs   traffic

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp three complex points .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  test logo logo data .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   sum
truth:  test   logo

test:  returns the ith domain generated by a uri .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  adds enrollment attribute to course course for the given user .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  physicists laguerre polynomial .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait until the master has configuration .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   impute
truth:  wait   topology

test:  open all or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  yaml: build a builds at certain times .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  not found route .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check for certificate certificates in parallel for a given course .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  invalidate   gunzip
truth:  invalidate   certificates

test:  copy a snapshot to a new server .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  generate all the tests of a given test suite .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  clears the plugins .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  delete filesystem or deleting a warning if it does not exist .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   forgets
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  helper method for getting the rendition for an upload instance .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  obtain   define
truth:  obtain   path

test:  parse a python package name .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a role from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   present
truth:  get   role

test:  move playlists .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rename   clean
truth:  rename   playlist

test:  write worksheet formatting to xml .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator to enforce and tz-naive after a function is passed .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  verifies   issues
truth:  verifies   caller

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  same as a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  pulls   closes
truth:  pulls   +

test:  define a deprecation deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  flags   located
truth:  flags   method

test:  load a class by alias name .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   orders
truth:  load   alias

test:  find the maximum single-commodity flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  the boxcox of the boxcox .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  return   debugging
truth:  return   dataset

test:  test that vcs url cannot be ignored by vcs .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  test   flashes
truth:  test   characters

test:  allocate a given file .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   rising
truth:  allocates   group

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  add   prioritized
truth:  add   messages

test:  run the javascript tests and print results to the console .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  create an entrance exam exam as a background task .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   escapes
truth:  encode   student

test:  check if a path is a conda .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  helper function for creating a figure .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  creates   parens
truth:  creates   figure

test:  declare a subset of a potentially or triggers a calling .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  insert   abandoned
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  the skeleton of x and direction .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  compute   clamp
truth:  compute   area

test:  see strong on css .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  pulls   multiprocessing
truth:  pulls   css

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  pulls   remains
truth:  pulls   v1

test:  display a message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  create dask sorted from many dask .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  get a network port object from a logical display name .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  move the next character set to the history that is the history is the history .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  move   small_stmts
truth:  move   line

test:  creates a diff for an object .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  constructs   asserts
truth:  constructs   diff

test:  helper for __init__ .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   tsv
truth:  format   components

test:  initialize the logging for the python .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   code
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  escape & .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  remove   username

test:  scan across whitespaces .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  get the global metric ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parse a string into an xml tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  set the language of a language .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  checks   stretch
truth:  checks   language

test:  test that a single v1 works as expected .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  see   knapsack
truth:  see   request

test:  import an object and return a string .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  train a simple test .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  check if a module is available .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterates   labeled
truth:  iterates   file

test:  only work on debian and when the system is supported .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  set the context of the palette that are corect .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  returns the users handler for the given order .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  fail if places are equal .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  fail   mounts
truth:  fail   objects

test:  get the time in milliseconds since the epoch as a floating point number .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  creates a string representation of an email address and prints it as the string .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  combines   shared
truth:  combines   string

test:  test activation token to the current user .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  returns the size of the logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   decorating
truth:  returns   log

test:  converts all byte strings to bytes .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  cast   enhanced
truth:  cast   object

test:  context manager that asserts the time of the freeze time to avoid resets the context variable .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  helps   binhexed
truth:  helps   tests

test:  create a short counter for the given secret .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  generate   polygon
truth:  generate   hmac

test:  load authentication credentials from environment variables .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  returns   expose
truth:  returns   credentials

test:  sort the version of the version of plugincontext .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  converts javascript code to javascript .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dump   aliased
truth:  dump   json

test:  collect multiple option values into a single list .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   exposes
truth:  collect   values

test:  returns the configuration cli example: .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   exposes
truth:  retrieves   values

test:  validate that the domain is made against the given host .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  validate   assume
truth:  validate   header

test:  set the state of the gc to be used to delete delete args: 007 : datetime object returns: dict: the process or none if needed .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  set   turns
truth:  set   collector

test:  gets the string representing the number of elements that are marked as a string .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  get a specific file from the minion .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return the object for a group with instantiates .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  is   stores
truth:  is   name

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  print procedure of the procedure line and the number of the layer line .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  turn a decoding .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   reading
truth:  unpack   agent

test:  generate a single pairs of pairs .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  pulls   mail
truth:  pulls   creation

test:  get html and style format for given document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  uninstall a feature args: capability: the feature to be removed feature : the feature to delete remove feature returns: an offline windows image .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  disables   saving
truth:  disables   feature

test:  validate and return a string value for option of type if it is not a dictionary .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  filter   represent
truth:  filter   failure

test:  get the sysfs ifname object from the device .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  trim front and blank lines .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trims   algorithm
truth:  trims   points

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  virtual field names without script name .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  name   refresh
truth:  name   scripts

test:  takes a number .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  encodes   sparks
truth:  encodes   number

test:  provide the tooltips for the project with those from the provided table .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  get a locale to translate the locale to a list of fallback locales .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  get   let
truth:  get   fallback

test:  sets qresult on qresult .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  function   easy_installed
truth:  function   hits

test:  get the profile type .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  parameters that vbox_guest .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  choose a random string in [0 .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  hdfs:// the prefix for translation of 1d unicode helper .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  detect   unifies
truth:  detect   encoding

test:  returns an absolute url to the comment if a comment does not exist .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from gray to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  decorator to run a task .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  run   lstrip
truth:  run   set

test:  extract a map from the queue where the local state is a function names .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  return a dictionary of for each node that contains a license key as follows: * optional speed .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  ensure that the users to access to the shared folders .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  grant   twitter
truth:  grant   auto

test:  check if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  check to see if the file doesnt exist .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  in case of signin .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  elementwise linear-interpolation function .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a list of shop matching objects for the product product of the shop .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  decrease the saturation channel of a color by some percent .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  manipulate   operate
truth:  manipulate   h

test:  resolves rel_path path name from source to logging .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  indent text .
truth: indent text . 
test:  indent   supports
truth:  indent   text

test:  format a new metadata .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  generates   compressing
truth:  generates   menu

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   printed
truth:  compile   pattern

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  equivalent of the game module .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   reveal
truth:  close   sequence

test:  returns an absolute url for the given path .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  save cover data as file .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  saves   restoring
truth:  saves   data

test:  set nginx port .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  set   handles
truth:  set   site

test:  clear all the musicbrainz url pattern .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a relase .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   encapsulates
truth:  get   artists

test:  recursively convert a dictionary of lists to a 2d numpy array .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  group the file or directory of a path .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  require   crop
truth:  require   directory

test:  index the buffer to the buffer .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  hydrate   flattening
truth:  hydrate   field

test:  scrub the pwd_hash and salt from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   randomise
truth:  scrub   message

test:  we can avoid test cases .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  get a property reference to a property or a property of an object .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get an http token from the provided credentials .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  fetch   guvectorize
truth:  fetch   oauth

test:  destroy the list of instances that belong to the account cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the c app dictionary .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  yaml: system-groovy execute a job build step .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  perform 2d radius .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   publish
truth:  computes   graph

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  add a list of all fabtools events .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   borrowed
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute rms phasediff .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   skip
truth:  compute   difference

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  checkresult an typecode .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  parse a gcode file and send the commands to the extruder .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  returns all the lti endpoints for a particular course .
truth: view that . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  tests that the datetimes datetime objects are not none .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  get   disables
truth:  get   datetime

test:  save the model given a string .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  compute an initial state zpk[ function for zpk filter parameters sos : symmetric filter .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  return   summarize
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate a list of missing links .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  generate   decreases
truth:  generate   documents

test:  make validation string from validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  process   randomise
truth:  process   message

test:  helper function to convert string to str .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  initialize all parameters needed for the encoder section .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given an parameters .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  drops a single binary string .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  check the image id .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   forwards
truth:  check   image

test:  returns the minus dimension of a dataset .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  generate all prefixes of a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   echoes
truth:  generate   prefixes

test:  retrieves the value of a variable in the variable .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  setup test objective .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  attempt to eclean .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  clean   simplifies
truth:  clean   packages

test:  default function for handling check requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  calculate md5sum of a file .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  returns chi approximation according to: ostermeier get_option and v .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  ensure function with passed properties is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   backup
truth:  ensure   properties

test:  mask an email address .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  mask   based
truth:  mask   address

test:  convert the given numba type to a type .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  converts   flip
truth:  converts   python

test:  run a generic process with the given name .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  shut   explode
truth:  shut   processes

test:  new field add .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  approximate in the correlation matrix to the given basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  build a query string that contains all the urls in a dict .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get class by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  create a list of the threaded that will also be unzips over the given interface .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   childnodes
truth:  provide   timestamp

test:  sort an iterable .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  translate a python name to a model name .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  pulls   advance
truth:  pulls   title

test:  get a path with only the path .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  helper function to check if two strings are equal .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  extract and set text store from queue .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  store   randomise
truth:  store   message

test:  adds the logged in the ndarray .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  repeat   exposes
truth:  repeat   values

test:  run custom named query string with the same query arguments .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  request a task to be used as a background task .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  run a function and retry it while getting signal .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  returns an instance of the lock .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   xyz
truth:  find   logarithm

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   disallow
truth:  get   identifiers

test:  add inc to the correct cobbler data and counts counts .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  generate   signal
truth:  generate   datasets

test:  a convenience for creating a response for testing purposes .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  ljust -> string return a copy of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get the correct corner string .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  takes   instantiate
truth:  takes   arguments

test:  convert a dictionary to a tuple that have a dictionary by .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  breaks   pulls
truth:  breaks   null

test:  extract the version number from a string .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  format   shared
truth:  format   string

test:  get the windows options from the current request .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   cie
truth:  use   predicate

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return a tuple in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  return   dst
truth:  return   c

test:  return the cache subnet group .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the incoming mean of applying a network penalty to the given penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   digs
truth:  adds   html

test:  only load the module if zabbix server is installed .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   exploit
truth:  remove   duplicates

test:  toggle control register data strobe bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  ensure that the ca ca connections to the folder .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  ensure   forgets
truth:  ensure   filesystem

test:  run the given signal .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  assure   resolved
truth:  assure   threads

test:  given a service .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  interpolate between from_value and to_value given the value t [0 .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  encode a password .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a local container .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  list   bartels
truth:  list   contents

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  swap   embedded
truth:  swap   example

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with hdf formatted .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  train   debugging
truth:  train   dataset

test:  destroy an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns a numeric time id of the given datetime .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  returns a list of unique constraints numbers .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  generates a mixture from a mixture or fit_generator by using the specified amplitude matrix parameters rvs : array or class definition .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   pulls
truth:  sample   null

test:  converts a string into an c{int} .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  get the item at the given shape .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  interpret   store
truth:  interpret   memory

test:  guess the extension type for a file .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   attempt
truth:  guess   extension

test:  gets the current query tree at a given collection .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  get the list of all the plugins that a specific plugin entry .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  retrieve   shortens
truth:  retrieve   classes

test:  group add form .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  prepares the configuration for running applications .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  halt   start
truth:  halt   zone

test:  generate an image in a sample range of sequences .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  get a list of domains from a cert .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   estimating
truth:  get   domains

test:  return true if s contains any different signs .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  get the disk size of the current disk .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  a convenience function .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  supports the request and add an http request and add a request to the given request and http response .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  removes   terminate
truth:  removes   password

test:  print a warning .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  decodes document from prospective_search result post request .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  decodes   forms
truth:  decodes   result

test:  return true if filename is a framework containing a framework set .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  roll back a list of config values for the users settings .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  compute epipole and readable svd .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  divide *val* .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  return   induce
truth:  return   testing

test:  set new key .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  determines whether a set of arrays or rescaled .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value return a copy of expr .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  compute the log likelihood estimator for a given class in linear regressions .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  calculate   suppose
truth:  calculate   algorithm

test:  returns a list of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  helper function to create the distane variable along the given axis .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  normalized   decorating
truth:  normalized   log

test:  test that theres overlap with overlap between list overlap .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  compute   sympy
truth:  compute   slice

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  verify that the jd1 library uses system .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  verify   opened
truth:  verify   re

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  helper method that converts special characters in html format to html document .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   deployed
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove the specified app .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  remove   d

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   deflate
truth:  assert   config

test:  run a qutebrowser command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  encodes a cms-signed string into integer .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encodes   reshapes
truth:  encodes   serialization

test:  restart the specified app with the given id and return its status cli example: .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   freezing
truth:  restart   configuration

test:  update the keys description .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  compute the continuous probability density using bilinear transform .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  compute   seq
truth:  compute   fft

test:  check if a given package is available .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  dump error message but continue .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  helper function that returns none if regex is not a regex match an error .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  validate   decorate
truth:  validate   matches

test:  convert an image and edges into a circle image .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  whether a site has a quantity .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  deletes a new record .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  pushing   unquote
truth:  pushing   note

test:  render the javascript source file .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  render   pending
truth:  render   default

test:  access to the cached inventory size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  access   adjust
truth:  access   inventory

test:  caches a dict against a of rollout .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  takes   unquoting
truth:  takes   environment

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  rewrite the memory-hard integral .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  try   imposes
truth:  try   f

test:  check that a new identifier that has never away from and that it should be ignored .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  extracts a service level list from each service element in the given service .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  take   uncheck
truth:  take   element

test:  dump a message to a stream .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  validate and return a string for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  builds the entrypoints prefix for the provided target result .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  if the test cannot be loaded .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  pulls   rounded
truth:  pulls   purpose

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   regroups
truth:  execute   rendering

test:  read the finder unavailable configuration in an infinite loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  loops   evaluate
truth:  loops   clip

test:  returns password for given document .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  get current serial string for an item .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return system_controls information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  unsubscribe a cachedef cachedef .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  compute the score of the given value .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  get all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  get all resources .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get the commit status of the current thread .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   tear
truth:  unregister   module

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is a wrong type .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  tests   minimize
truth:  tests   theano

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  build a galaxy text from a plain text .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   equalize
truth:  build   email

test:  make sure that no task is validation .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   lash
truth:  assert   validation

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  list   increase
truth:  list   nodes

test:  fixture that fixture .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper around sysfs .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  decorator to wait for a function to ensure that the tag has the given tags .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  pulls   drawing
truth:  pulls   tags

test:  parse a process into sparse statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  given a task .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  trims a string into spaces .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  recurs all the files and dirs and return a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurse   sleep
truth:  recurse   files

test:  initialize the resource handler for the given event .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  return a dict with unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  notify event to notification .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  return true if the specified service is running .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  try to import and import content from a module .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  imports   tear
truth:  imports   module

test:  intialize the module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  like scipy .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  adds a 304 result to an idempotent request .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  removes whitespace including tab and newline characters .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  returns a dict of images that are in the given thread .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  given   indicating
truth:  given   images

test:  normalize_formset_dict -> a list of tuples .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  extracts a message to the specified message if it was not already been processed .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  process   labeled
truth:  process   file

test:  load a model from a filename and return a python model .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  pulls   pushing
truth:  pulls   model

test:  build the html options to simulate .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  check for parallels configurations .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  return the line number of the current request .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  create and return a current rpc object .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  test vcs with vcs requirement that has no req requirement otherwise .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  pulls   hovering
truth:  pulls   vcs

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  given the incoming shape .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  attempt to import a json set of values into a list of assigning .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  updates the parameters in the api call .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  build a profile map string .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  convert   deflate
truth:  convert   config

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   added
truth:  detects   p

test:  test for nastiness-removal in translated .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  test   changes
truth:  test   languages

test:  translate a dictionary containing only 0s and their keys .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  the main function runs the bloggerexample application with the provided username and password values .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decrypts a string .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  set the sockets of the system path to the host group cli example: .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  mark   extracts
truth:  mark   socket

test:  returns the given html with all [x]html characters appended .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  returns a commit message to the given author .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  create and degree degree into a degree from a given delayed mean .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  creates   cleaning
truth:  creates   matrix

test:  read in the entire contents of a file in a python file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  returns a a list of the the the right mapping types for a given type .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test the representation of a single driver .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   igor
truth:  test   device

test:  return the model instance against expected .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  computes   unrooted
truth:  computes   differences

test:  validate an xml schema against a valid xml schema file .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  validate   labeled
truth:  validate   file

test:  from a list of volume ids .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  for each subject string in the series .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   shared
truth:  find   string

test:  ensure that the named database is absent name the name of the database to remove user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the user
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   joins
truth:  ensure   cluster

test:  return a proper string containing a title and return the value is a list of title .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  calculate the text from a twos plot .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   failing
truth:  convert   style

test:  delete a job by its id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  retrieves all groups in a volume with msvc .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  get   xlsx
truth:  get   query

test:  move the history on the history .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   remove
truth:  move   history

test:  replaces apostrophe character references with some counterpart .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  base64   flashes
truth:  base64   characters

test:  get the default default .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  function   forbid
truth:  function   options

test:  wrap api calls to log handling .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  run users on click .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  perform the following files in the logging system .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a list of custom images on the cloud provider .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  start the standalone mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   created
truth:  start   mode

test:  update the cache for the cache .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  waits for the specified path to become an budget_kit_item .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  note   wait
truth:  note   servers

test:  train a dataset .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  function   escapes
truth:  function   student

test:  cleans the key lengths for the ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  given a list of headers .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  expand and return the contents of a file .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  function   stores
truth:  function   name

test:  remove a block device from the instance .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  strips the source code of the garbage collector after parsing 1 .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  convert the libcloud volume object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  generate a random text string with alpha chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  skip test unless not .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  parse the service like 5 .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   allocate
truth:  validates   user

test:  normalize the output of a matrix .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   associate
truth:  function   expressions

test:  return a dict with the version .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  display   extract
truth:  display   version

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  convert a long integer into a message .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  iterate over the given commit url and return the network .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a specific sm volume .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  parse the imap reply .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  api: execute a test notification script after a certain output .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  return functions of all none in x .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  find   constrained
truth:  find   functions

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list of lists .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  reads a sequence of html markup .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  sets settings to use .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   pending
truth:  do   default

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  get signal from sender and merge them value .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  same as a += b .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  reads a given file of an audio file .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  pulls   atom
truth:  pulls   audio

test:  get the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  get the sorts by point .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  ensure that the manage format is active .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  manage   been
truth:  manage   format

test:  = = spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   timing
truth:  use   spaces

test:  hibernate the windows user to hibernate .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  return a rabbitmq distance between the email address and targets .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  return the line number of the source node that have line been read .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  deletes a vm vm .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  stop   hostname
truth:  stop   vm

test:  probability samples in the random probability for a given distribution .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  length-byte stream of random data from a seed .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   takes
truth:  stream   stream

test:  read a package from a package .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  reads   bartels
truth:  reads   contents

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  checks whether g is a groebner groebner basis .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  check   translated
truth:  check   g

test:  return the information returned when the job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a json sink to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  check whether value is at the end of a given unit .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  test   enhance
truth:  test   items

test:  test that vstacking .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   source
truth:  test   overlay

test:  returns a list of current os zones cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  displays   switch
truth:  displays   list

test:  creates a package and returns a list of project .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   downloading
truth:  creates   package

test:  decode a single header line as quoted-printable .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   small_stmts
truth:  decode   line

test:  validates all errors .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  called when the controlconnection handler is raised .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  print   unbinds
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns the top exploration exploration limit .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  render a placeholder to the given context .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  render   applying
truth:  render   placeholder

test:  adds or updates the specified policy document for the specified key .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  attach   holding
truth:  attach   policy

test:  construct the given data as unicode string from an iterable of unicode strings .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  returns   leaves
truth:  returns   dictionaries

test:  display the metric fills in a list of some node .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  display   exposes
truth:  display   values

test:  return a list of paths to socket .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  check   uploading
truth:  check   job

test:  lowering suitable for osbornei .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   constrained
truth:  replace   functions

test:  get packed geometry output by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   form
truth:  get   side

test:  creates a temporary file to a temporary file .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return configuration .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return the status of the current environment .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  install application-specific fits image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   gosub
truth:  install   hdf5

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   pulls
truth:  estimate   null

test:  compute the oauth2 version of a file that matches one of the given filepath .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  sort   rename
truth:  sort   members

test:  escape markdown characters in markdown .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the random dataset .
truth: load the data . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  a decorator to limit a command to its value .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  return a cjk string suitable for use in urls .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  return the studio help links .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  return   dictate
truth:  return   studio

test:  write translations file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  back-end method to add a person entity to a role entity .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  tests the arrowvisual behaviour of the arrowvisual properties .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  compute minpoly(add .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  function   grant
truth:  function   power

test:  recursively search for source node .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  tries to guess a set of files .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   labeled
truth:  guess   file

test:  given a line from a username .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  save d/dt to a store in datastore .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   documents
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a log entry resource to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the langage setting of the language .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns a list of handlers from a module .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   backported
truth:  return   handlers

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links to render a link to a link .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   paste
truth:  stop   containers

test:  generate the generated localized events and add it to the generated localized generates a dictionary .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generates   fitnesse
truth:  generates   events

test:  given a path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  check if a bound is overlap .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   ping
truth:  return   bounding

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  parses the database from the database to get a table .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  returns the direct content of the given content .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  extracts   string
truth:  extracts   texts

test:  provide results for a session or patch patch .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load a python rsa key .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  load   listen
truth:  load   key

test:  get a datetime .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  format   temperature
truth:  format   date

test:  lists all html files from the git href .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list the installable out of a nested notification .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  password reset form .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  create an appropriate string compatible with the given locale .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  translates   enhanced
truth:  translates   object

test:  transform color dbpointer int into a string of its data .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  color   step
truth:  color   names

test:  implementation of the clip at the given region .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  pulls   execute
truth:  pulls   region

test:  return the string c{p} contains the string described in each step .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create a new modulestore instance .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a list of grover .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  applies   suppose
truth:  applies   algorithm

test:  check to see if the named service is installed to start on boot cli example: .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  get a dict from the cursor as a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  start a worker in a worker .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   deallocate
truth:  start   worker

test:  returns the positive positive product of a sequence .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print limit from tb to limit pre-processed entries from tb to limit .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  get points at a given index at index index .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  is   restrict
truth:  is   array

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  recapitalizes   supports
truth:  recapitalizes   text

test:  return the data from bootstrap .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  samples   eliminates
truth:  samples   elements

test:  find a randomized randomized for a specified registry .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  removes the block access for the course that are deleted .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  run statement under profiler we can passed to subprocess with pywin32 .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  executes   compresses
truth:  executes   statement

test:  test that functions can be bound to decoding .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  returns a list of available xblocks xblocks xblocks that are present in the course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  take a k[x] polynomial in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  automatically after user has changed .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  return the version string of the project .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on a list of tuples with no other member than a fitness .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  adds the callback for the app to the app .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  connect   pick
truth:  connect   callback

test:  return a specific driver type given a provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  check if user has access to the course with backends .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  elliptic digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression about a random expression .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   signals
truth:  return   moment

test:  get node rotation for specified key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  takes a single etag .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  merge multiple and summaries and their weights .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  show a login status to make sure that a console status is still logged in the console .
truth: login to router . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert the given environment to a python object .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  change   unquoting
truth:  change   environment

test:  new jobs cannot be submitted in a case of two words .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  try   ellipsoid
truth:  try   pool

test:  shows returns:: output .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  returns the head from the contract config directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  create a new transaction transaction .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  this function prints the given args and returns a string .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  given a path to the python statement .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  pulls   fail
truth:  pulls   virtualenv

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  verify whether iops is a iops iops .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  display a legend graph using a marker graph .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  display   publish
truth:  display   graph

test:  return the canonical string for the given language .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  ensure x .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  boolean   restrict
truth:  boolean   array

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   resample
truth:  list   directories

test:  take a dictionary of default values .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  retrieves   talking
truth:  retrieves   dict

test:  exercise text in two or more cell fields .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  split   gauss
truth:  split   strings

test:  step step with two images .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  if used .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  used   stripping
truth:  used   step

test:  determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  determine   restricts
truth:  determine   inset

test:  given a mapi message and a string .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  check the status of automatic update power special device .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  get the names and default values of a functions arguments .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return the 1024 in a desired format in the format .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  a decorator for creating a simple box class by the current value .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  call the status .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  add a user to a ban user .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  ban   allocate
truth:  ban   user

test:  returns databook from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  compute h from rfc exporter .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  setup root index .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  build   regressiont
truth:  build   index

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   monkeypatch
truth:  remove   geonode

test:  for a client .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  derivative of arbitrary 8 .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  setup the test template .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  changes   lambda
truth:  changes   django

test:  expr_eval -> value return expression .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  retrieve a sticks compatible job id from the token .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  new perspective form .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  determine if the lines can be treated without checking if it has line number .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  returns a app_label .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  get   mutes
truth:  get   app

test:  return a string representing the major and timestamp .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get path from begin and xml element .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  helper to fill an object .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accept the comment to the end of the comment .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  given an address is a string or an address .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  waits for a vm to return the box on the machine with the box done by the ec_key .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  asserts that exception is in a passes passes .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  asserts   randomise
truth:  asserts   message

test:  return the unix tree in a specified leaf .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  apply   paste
truth:  apply   containers

test:  read a wrong table with wrong wrong marker marker file .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  return the binary minima of n .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  get the clock format that can be used to run the ctf .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  object   crop
truth:  object   directory

test:  lae: is x and reshaped .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone on a master and play on specified slaves .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  a tuple of recurrence to be a subclass of a given type .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bits .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  wrap the reactor so it instantiates in deferred .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  return a feature structure that is obtained by replacing each variable bound by bindings with its binding .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  remove context from status' .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  get   datetimes
truth:  get   epoch

test:  checks if all the first search is in string s .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the align align information .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  perform   identify
truth:  perform   alignment

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  returns the description for a given file or directory .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  parse   password
truth:  parse   atom

test:  get or set the radial set on a polar plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  creates the given module actions .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  create   querying
truth:  create   actions

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  this is called to display .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  check whether the given class name is a class or not .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  check   safe_octal
truth:  check   class

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  generate the strings in the file at the given filename .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  reads master key from master .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  require the templates/project0/ loaded .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  returns a docstrings of the targets for a specified target .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  update upcoming events .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  revoke a file from a clientsecrets .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  create   hash
truth:  create   flow

test:  get info about an installed extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  helper function to convert megacycles to milliseconds .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add version of string to string .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  construct   decoding
truth:  construct   lists

test:  default literal block depart handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  compute polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  integration test cases .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  build   mounts
truth:  build   objects

test:  upload an s3 string to a file .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  returns the number of elements in a list of iterable .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  guess spatial dimensions of an image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  make   batched
truth:  make   guess

test:  parses a named http header .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   emitting
truth:  parses   character

test:  a helper function to add "value" to the {value} .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  add a user to the provider and then accounts api .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  verifies   expose
truth:  verifies   credentials

test:  return the number of coprime in a line .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  verify that the incoming and update a valid password matches the supplied password .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  returns   terminate
truth:  returns   password

test:  helper function for taking an attribute .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  sets the attribute on a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  adds a custom taps brew .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  check that pg string is valid .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  render the final params for final node .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  renders   offset
truth:  renders   parameters

test:  list the packages currently installed versions of the named package name the name of the package to search for each package to add a specific package versions .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  searches   commit
truth:  searches   repository

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents deletion .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   structurize
truth:  determines   kevent

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  returns a string representation of the given string .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to a ca file using mkstemp() module .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   gunzip
truth:  concatenate   certificates

test:  enable or disable the request .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  update   parsefile
truth:  update   descriptor

test:  get unpacked loops .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   recommended
truth:  remove   art

test:  extracts from cla file marked from cgi .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  task delete page .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  time   activate
truth:  time   delete

test:  swaps the two array of variation .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  computes   silence
truth:  computes   variation

test:  computes the chi-squared statistic .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  be treated as a list of the input parameters x : writeme .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  compute   attributes
truth:  compute   arrays

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  add links to a list of links .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  return   transfers
truth:  return   plan

test:  create an owner and along with its dependencies .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  find the datastore storage file from the given blob .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  call the given image of an image library .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  call   initializes
truth:  call   program

test:  verify that a user is permitted to access an http basic auth .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   format_alignment
truth:  pulls   authentication

test:  render a node to json .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  render   looping
truth:  render   node

test:  look up a user id that look up the input argument .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  get block device mapping for instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  makes a filename components of an app .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  transforms   returns
truth:  transforms   something

test:  return the attribute of an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a mask for each vertex .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  delete one inventory already on the provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  delete   adjust
truth:  delete   inventory

test:  retrieve the changed module from the configuration .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  load the copper data and return a dataset class .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  sort a sorts sorts sorts by discussion indices .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   pulls
truth:  ip   null

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  convert a form to the user form required .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  add all api routes to the same application .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  context manager that attaches extra errors to exceptions .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the pids for processes matching a pattern .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  kill   printed
truth:  kill   pattern

test:  renders an issue for a issue .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   batch
truth:  renders   code

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  mean   offset
truth:  mean   parameters

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  get the integer flag after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  award from docs: controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return iterator over all handlers .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  find   backported
truth:  find   handlers

test:  compute complex lwork routine for testing .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  round   downgrades
truth:  round   point

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a non-default value .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   constrain
truth:  verify   attribute

test:  load the vertexes in order to skip tests .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  returns the javascript string and return the standard output of the given name .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  evaluate the context manager that temporarily change the executed executed by the code .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  control   colorized
truth:  control   context

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   unlocking
truth:  given   source

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   assigned
truth:  close   room

test:  return sys .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  take   pulls
truth:  take   null

test:  returns the gaussian distribution .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check to see if a device matches the partition .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  matches   stream
truth:  matches   returns

test:  cd() prefix should not import prefixes in case of the env .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  prefix   colorized
truth:  prefix   context

test:  rename a files in a container .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  rename   satisfy
truth:  rename   container

test:  get all instances belonging to a filters .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  attach a json epics representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   mutate
truth:  attach   column

test:  modify a group of parameters in a group .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  test that icloud of range throws throws .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the first node that contains a node that is not a node .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  look for the vm disk .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  retrieves   rollback
truth:  retrieves   vdi

test:  imports a string for the var .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  make sure that any file in the system is available .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  write statistics for a gcode file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  expected inclusion_tag_current_app __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check that weights are valid .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  check   rescanning
truth:  check   weights

test:  check if the resources is metadata .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  given an instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  save the load data to the specified jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   fake
truth:  write   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   reverses
truth:  list   services

test:  returns true if the user is lockable with the given request .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  add email script .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  adds   optimized
truth:  adds   script

test:  the os/2 test should be used if it isnt going to be used .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  return true if all the clause are present in the input search .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  create the directory of a file .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  loads common settings from request processor .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  loads   build
truth:  loads   conf

test:  get the kex and the conch functions in a rpm/sla .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  open paths with the given action using the __dunder__ of the given action .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   crop
truth:  open   directory

test:  n324 - use log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   decorating
truth:  -   log

test:  run a server; server .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  runs   clones
truth:  runs   server

test:  extract the parameter list of parameter lines .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   switch
truth:  parse   list

test:  helper function that returns a page from the href .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  only load the module if uwsgi is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  check if the version control system is in the physical session .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  given a folder name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  require an acl reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  determine if the field has the same fields in a set of children .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  compare   multivariate
truth:  compare   blocks

test:  set the user to apply .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  create a directory this is called to remove the filesystem .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  check a queue of the queue .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check the current permission .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make sure that the incomplete list can be ignored .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  adds the current timestamp to the context .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  builds   fly
truth:  builds   latitude

test:  read a key-value spec file .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the check type of the check .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  make sure that all headers match a valueerror .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  lookup a packed ip address for the given ip address .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  helper function to get cached http cached .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return lines from lines cli example: .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  verify that the incoming database can be a conv or category .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  convert f into a nested tuple of tuples .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  return path to the test file .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create a ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  plot a subplot plot .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  copy transcript from new location to the user .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  renames   labeled
truth:  renames   file

test:  returns the number of gpu board ids returned by the factorization of init .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  removes files needed for docker files .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   raising
truth:  removes   docker

test:  type add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  unindent all decorator to handle a key .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  weakness a tag to a stream .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  unsets   transliterate
truth:  unsets   variable

test:  returns a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  update the resource view of a resource_view .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  closes review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  returns the text from a document .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  creates a runner runner with the list of scenarios and num2words paths .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  make   mongodb
truth:  make   scenarios

test:  return the nodes of the graph g .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  prompt user with elasticsearch .
truth: create a role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  follow a user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   allocate
truth:  allows   user

test:  display all help help files in the help .
truth: print help message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  statement : name equals number .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  imports macros from the module .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   exception
truth:  load   macros

test:  return the error binding .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  combine   assume
truth:  combine   header

test:  helper to find a content of attributes for specifying attribute .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  return a set of current network .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a relative string of strings .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  measures   itersubclasses
truth:  measures   similarity

test:  smooth a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  feed   supports
truth:  feed   text

test:  get flavor access list by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  returns a base url matching the given base node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  retrieve   flip
truth:  retrieve   python

test:  get city lat lat based on the request .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  decorator for marking that the report cache .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  auxiliary function for views .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  tell out an event event .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  tracks   prioritized
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run indexing on the output if it exists .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  index   mounts
truth:  index   objects

test:  decode hex encoded value .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decode   flattening
truth:  decode   field

test:  given a list of users that have a specific course .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  list   deconvolves
truth:  list   level

test:  add node names and attributes to the class .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  generate a random identifier for the given identifier .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  pulls   httperror
truth:  pulls   digit

test:  add a new coursetalk session for the current course .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  show a single job .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  called   replaced
truth:  called   digits

test:  run a subprocess and return its output .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  execute   instantiate
truth:  execute   arguments

test:  get a thought .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  pulls   undo
truth:  pulls   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  internal function to return the list of strings that are not used to store the test .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  extract only dependencies from a dictionary of explicit numbers .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  run a proxy function in tests .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  writes data to firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  run up in media .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  return if pattern matches the given pattern or re .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  recursively rslt argument .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  encapsulates   utf-8
truth:  encapsulates   argument

test:  returns formatted at the given date in a formatted date .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  store a stream of text into a buffer .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  this contains unknown .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns the overall reciprocity graph that is in a graph .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  attach all tags to a given objs and m2 .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  fetch   drawing
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  creates a tag instance for the given tag and time .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   enhanced
truth:  make   object

test:  finds the migration of the device .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  retrieve a list of dicts for a given participant .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  return   associated
truth:  return   listing

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  determine the polynomial interpolation .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  install a custom ssh key .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   review
truth:  install   keys

test:  main section of the script .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  expected   inputhook
truth:  expected   sys

test:  redefine this test to make sure that the celery worker is logged in the pool .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  quote a for example .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  only work on systems which default to smf .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  check that the value is a valid string .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   located
truth:  implements   method

test:  see get_jobs() .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  filter   protects
truth:  filter   args

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  update a minimum value at the location of the cluster .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  function   orthonormalizes
truth:  function   min

test:  return the common inside: common elements of cos(x)**2 .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  pulls   wrap
truth:  pulls   defaultdict

test:  setup social auth current user data to context .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  given an importtask .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  memoize aka cache the return output of a function given a cache set .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  marks the label map to example: .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  html markup for a single notebook chart .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  return   digs
truth:  return   html

test:  returns a list of messages that provided messages from list_id .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sort   randomise
truth:  sort   message

test:  find the first search path where the first search is located .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  called by s3optionsfilter to provide an item in the database .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  scale image to a given width and height .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  returns a boolean if a file exists .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  destroys vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for the files .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   inquire
truth:  initialize   tool

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  run openpyxl in default mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  helper function for handling notify device .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  start   igor
truth:  start   device

test:  format the installed line into the output of the request cli example: .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse dictionary of my pathname parameters into a dictionary .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  get the host for elastic mapreduce in the given aws region .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  updates routes of doctypes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  patch   grouping
truth:  patch   system

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  allows a custom page to call another view and clients views .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  get a time in a time to utc .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  converts a unicode code into .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  yaml: rundeck this plugin publishes build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   homebrew_packages
truth:  traverse   structure

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  detach   alignment
truth:  detach   section

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  class decorator that sometimes the dataproviders class .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  run the android command .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the standard team from a team with team_name .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  format a number in a readable format .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  return value for the requested metric from the string .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  iterate over all format locales .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  complete   assign
truth:  complete   requests

test:  generates a formatted user id .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  fake click tools .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  calculates content type of the first search actions in a sequence seq .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  search   binds
truth:  search   dna

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  check   trim
truth:  check   support

test:  return the billable .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  add a nick to a db .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  clone a value through a given value .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  clone   bench
truth:  clone   value

test:  return list of homebrew .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  add singular files to the git git .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  run   flip
truth:  run   python

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test remove_photos service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  logs the user animations animations .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  step 2 replaces -ic .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  given a old and new diff of lines .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   weblate
truth:  remove   references

test:  convert metadata to a database .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  return a python object from the given string .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  creates a new account for the user .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  call   drops
truth:  call   call

test:  build the national number for a phone number .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  converts   r^2
truth:  converts   form

test:  callback for the current set of ports http range .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check a string for use in a regular expression .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  decorator for methods that are automatically instantiate the class .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the addon download totals .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  moving closed issues given a list of issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  checks   augments
truth:  checks   issues

test:  test that output with float info .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  register app tables .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  install a zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  install   start
truth:  install   zone

test:  run test using test .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  select   carry
truth:  select   test

test:  parse the shape of a np .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   utf-8
truth:  parse   argument

test:  this student is called to skip a new student in a new course .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  mark   escapes
truth:  mark   student

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  run the given facebook module .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  assumes   pulls
truth:  assumes   null

test:  formats a file or a string to bytes .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  outputs an expires header for delta from delta .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   assume
truth:  outputs   header

test:  call signature:: derivative function .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  mul all rounded args into base args .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  return   introduce
truth:  return   l

test:  list a specific additional parameters may be passed .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  list   offset
truth:  list   parameters

test:  hide an ajax tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  hide   bypassing
truth:  hide   tweet

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  require   resorts
truth:  require   python2

test:  determine whether there is a chocolatey point that doesnt exist .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  make a row from a unifrac-like metric or non-blocking matrix .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  simple html .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  concatenate the second differences of a 2-d type note: this take in the string of the last map .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  concatenate   decoding
truth:  concatenate   lists

test:  checks that minute .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get the followed segment .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  opengl opengl configuration to render our opengl opengl .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  -   fake
truth:  -   load

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  dwindle a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  temperature   del
truth:  temperature   gcode

test:  return the image contents of the indices .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  pulls   reverse
truth:  pulls   permutation

test:  check that lists of original values are longer than one .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  make   break
truth:  make   operations

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  replaces union all select with union select .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  appends   show
truth:  appends   notes

test:  this is called to get the ipython extension for some parameters that we can handle the interpreter in the interpreter .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  load   issue
truth:  load   ipython

test:  looks up the given backend name .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  serve the mogilefs and return the response .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  called   allocate
truth:  called   user

test:  just a quobyte bits .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  add a helpful message to the request id .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  mark   knapsack
truth:  mark   request

test:  returns an encoder for a group field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  return   decimate
truth:  return   constructor

test:  parses request data from the request and returns a dict of address: .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  parse   producing
truth:  parse   certificate

test:  set up the currencylayer component .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  create a dependency from a dependency dependency package .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  add   extract
truth:  add   version

test:  double : id | identifier | code | prec .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  parse a decoding string from a fixed url .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   scop
truth:  returns   token

test:  return an old wrapper from input object .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  detect   exposes
truth:  detect   values

test:  only work on python 2 .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  computes the log of a given theano tensor .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  convert an image into network parts of the string 4 .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  chop   pulls
truth:  chop   null

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  check that all identifier estimation are present with a fits header .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  adds a demo collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   reallocation
truth:  loads   collection

test:  un-escapes a cookie by setting a cookie value .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  breaks   modbus
truth:  breaks   cookie

test:  returns a dict with metadata metadata to store an image from .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  convert between [0 and a float with a specified pixscale .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   capitalize
truth:  convert   distances

test:  only load if cyg module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  list key with the specified key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return compactionstats cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  inspect the bracketregion and return the appropriate one of the dimension repository .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  decorator for methods which are enabled in a course .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize all instances for the reponds daemon .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  initialize   reads
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  check if the given method name exists .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  create a fake component of a component .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  repairs   responds
truth:  repairs   database

test:  trivially let the beacon load for the test example .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  convert hex address to octets .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   flow
truth:  convert   fields

test:  generates a string containing the current git command .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   authorizes
truth:  generates   command

test:  parse sizes from files into a json file path and return true if the tagged was made .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  extract   aliased
truth:  extract   json

test:  pick each extension in schemas .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  deletes a google storage files .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   sleep
truth:  delete   files

test:  lists the vlan id in a network .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  build a lazy model instance from the given operation .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  schedule   reported
truth:  schedule   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   convert
truth:  merges   sequences

test:  indent text with the given prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  add   taken
truth:  add   beginning

test:  the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns json activity for matching changes as json .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   lbrace
truth:  returns   activity

test:  create a local servicepair for testing remotevolumemanager .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  create and detect a table from a fixed agent to a given agent .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  iterates over the three web2py values of the input array .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  pulls   syncing
truth:  pulls   hermite

test:  display the amount of idle display time until the hard sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   reloads
truth:  display   amount

test:  create a url for use in a given api .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  generate   cloning
truth:  generate   github

test:  evaluate power spectral indices in order to the f(x) task .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  override the supplied machine .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  copy data from a file to a new directory .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   wanted
truth:  copy   filename

test:  returns the encoding of the given array .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  determine   restrict
truth:  determine   array

test:  you can add a dictionary to the keys in the form .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  push   uncheck
truth:  push   element

test:  writes the fingerprint of a acoustid to disk .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  get   specified
truth:  get   fingerprint

test:  rechunk the graph rechunk that contain the new block rechunk .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  plan   pulls
truth:  plan   null

test:  create a role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  returns a list of paths to user-provides files from the given host .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  create a dictionary from a token name .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   talking
truth:  convert   dict

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  return a string containing the methods in a service note that the service is allowed .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  concatenate   default
truth:  concatenate   part

test:  returns a random graph that has a positive graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  forbid to forbid .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  returns a list of packages to be installed in a package .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  returns link to weblate url .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  returns   compile
truth:  returns   documentation

test:  rfc 2822 date .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  apply   support
truth:  apply   time

test:  returns a list of courses courses to test provided user .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   disconnect
truth:  returns   courses

test:  common code in k[x] .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  compute   r^2
truth:  compute   form

test:  retrieves all sql query from database .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  perform   xlsx
truth:  perform   query

test:  filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and only selecting the ones with the test succeeding .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   mounts
truth:  filters   objects

test:  sleep the system at the given time .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  sleep   grouping
truth:  sleep   system

test:  install the latest version of the wx as a module .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   trim
truth:  install   support

test:  wrapper around dot .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  function   defines
truth:  function   attributes

test:  return a string describing an instances state by its instancestate .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  installs pyenv and install runas the current versions of pyenv to install pyenv and update via which to install the site specific file .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   embedded
truth:  install   example

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configures   unquoting
truth:  configures   environment

test:  interpolate by channel channels .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  test if a dataset exists .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  add local files to the system .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  handle the array of filenames from the given axis .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate a list of the features for each distributions in model in a given save order .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  apply   pushing
truth:  apply   model

test:  puts() shouldnt print generators .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the given image string for the given axis .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  apostrophe to the queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  analyze   thrusting
truth:  analyze   space

test:  raise an exception containing the expression from expr .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  convert text into a dns rdata class value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  convert   initalizes
truth:  convert   dns

test:  identify an annotation dict using identify authentication .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  checks   resets
truth:  checks   beautifulsoup

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   slave_open
truth:  create   media

test:  emit yaml events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  pulls   activate
truth:  pulls   delete

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   indexes
truth:  destroy   snapshot

test:  check whether the python interpreter is a valid python binary and has python binary version .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  validate that the provided service is a valid service type .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  verify   requesting
truth:  verify   i

test:  loads the current environment .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse dates in the given date string .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  helper function to generate a url with a given search url .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  validate   access
truth:  validate   url

test:  widget index page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  installs the domain and python prerequisites .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   crack
truth:  install   _

test:  check to make sure the default plot works properly .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  the error code is returned in the last argument .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   batch
truth:  error   code

test:  see if the summaries and fill are involved .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sorts   pulls
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load a word from file .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  loads   carve
truth:  loads   word

test:  extract user information from request query string given in the given installed_apps .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  extract   offset
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  import vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  returns a testsuite loaded from a given test class .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  return   reflect
truth:  return   testcase

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  api tester perform the locale depending on the request .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  returns   removes
truth:  returns   gzip

test:  load a configuration for sparse dataset .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  scenario description .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  converts a string to a ast .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  find a file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  check that gaussianvislayer with pytables with pytables and still one dimension .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  fixture that provides a url to test .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  url   storing
truth:  url   template

test:  remove a css class from css classes .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   safe_octal
truth:  remove   class

test:  function for unicode strings .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   pauses
truth:  function   printing

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  check isolation forest for various sparse matrices .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  add hosts that host belongs to the host .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   bundled
truth:  add   aggregate

test:  pick the certificate configuration in the database .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  make sure that all whitespace in the file system .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  make   comma
truth:  make   whitespace

test:  add request to a combined .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  enable   belong
truth:  enable   hook

test:  helper function for creating fields that actually a dict for search fields .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  saves a file or disk to disk image .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  saves   restrict
truth:  saves   array

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode yaml string into a no-op .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   negate
truth:  decode   resource

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  write the source script to a file .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  source   optimized
truth:  source   script

test:  given a url .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  join   manage
truth:  join   fragment

test:  combine hemi .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  gives   coordinates
truth:  gives   exploration

test:  click a single html component with the given menu .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   stores
truth:  normalize   name

test:  create a requirement dict with a constant title .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  parses links for a string .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  leave   saves
truth:  leave   links

test:  add attachment_specs table .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   flattening
truth:  add   field

test:  es down the user .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  returns   mean
truth:  returns   elasticsearch

test:  returns true if the two arrays are element-wise in the given iterable .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  this is a bit evil - used to make unit tests available in an api call .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  wrap a function describing memoize results in memoize if requested .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  caches   dispatched
truth:  caches   calls

test:  compute image specification for a circle image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  a view that doesnt connect to the license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  pulls   count
truth:  pulls   lms

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   dereference
truth:  returns   width

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  compute bit magnetic .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  returns a random integer in the range .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk on-disk never be used .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  call a generator .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  run a test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  escape some run of special xml characters with good and forward / xml characters are removed .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  create a mongodb user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  compare the specified desired id and returns it if the replication is in the current role .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  return the string representation of the xml token .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  return   autoencoder
truth:  return   xml

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  validator for stack platform .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  show last successful string in post last_updated and calls post .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  calls   branching
truth:  calls   progress

test:  maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  maps   destroy
truth:  maps   dtype

test:  set current audio output device identifier .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   flattens
truth:  configures   output

test:  logs a section to the api on the course .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  the fprime score function .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  regularized   filesize
truth:  regularized   derivative

test:  attempts to expand a column list into a column list .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  parse a backup .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the list of cover art associated with a given releaseid .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  get   pressing
truth:  get   cover

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  represent the parameters as a dict .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  update the output of urls for a url based on the github repository .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  find   lowess
truth:  find   tomcat

test:  returns the type of a class takes an object and tries to determine if it is none .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  validates that the given configuration in the provided config files .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  test overlapping overlapping of base info .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  open a database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  exists   retrying
truth:  exists   compatibility

test:  determine the endpoint of a given type .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  utc utc time in utc .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  calls   safe_octal
truth:  calls   class

test:  expr_eval -> value return a string that contains an expression .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  initialize all available lstm types .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  init   format
truth:  init   parameter

test:  asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches the specified regular expression .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   supports
truth:  asserts   text

test:  return the version of the distribution .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parses the mapping of the mapping[name] for a new buffer and returns an array of matching values .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  given   multivariate
truth:  given   blocks

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   lets
truth:  document   handler

test:  set the random state .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  set   currents
truth:  set   state

test:  returns the list of credit requests or username for a user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  make verbose .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  create a new dataset with a dataset_id derived from the given blockdevice_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  confirm that the truth value for the determinant of the swift operator .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  helper function to convert data to unpickle .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  retrieve   shared
truth:  retrieve   string

test:  error checking on routines that return explicitly minus strings .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  plots a sequence of uploaded attributes .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  extract a string / .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return the votes user votes a public user .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  build the celery error to log .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  returns image with anything removed .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  returns the list of all the images of a given product .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  return the current posix time if the system time is as a string .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  convert   digs
truth:  convert   html

test:  get loops from nested loops .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  run a command .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  a password change password page .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  change   bring
truth:  change   page

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   enhanced
truth:  import   object

test:  get the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  benchmarks direction polynomial regression .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  produce   offset
truth:  produce   parameters

test:  fork off a process to slave instance .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determine the number of comments for a line containing overlap .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  determine whether the distribution is rhel or rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  return the average aggregate .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a qimage into an image .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   host
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the timeout is set to the *plain* .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  context manager that yields a secret field defined by %s; it to the secret model .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns all exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read the modified entries from the table and clears the cache for the charset_type: .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  replace the data to a file .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  is   coupling
truth:  is   target

test:  create a new equity cipher .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  log a message with severity exception on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of identifiers to be callable for a group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  read a single filename into an input tensor with reader .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  reads   prettyprint
truth:  reads   examples

test:  return information about the postgres server with the specified host .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  delete a file if it does not exist .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  write a julian-formatted date to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  main method to check the csv file for a given csvfile .
truth: main function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the given html with all between a and b .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  extract the string from the buffer buffer .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  reads   hacked
truth:  reads   buffer

test:  setup a figure on the given axes rect the axes .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  pulls   socket
truth:  pulls   projection

test:  convert a dictionary of a tree to a tree dict .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  for a precedence search .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  verify using a numerically stable reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  test   localize
truth:  test   reference

test:  return default deadline for credit deadline the current credit deadline .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  view to logout .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   given
truth:  view   register

test:  find search by name .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  extract the correct config from a full resource name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  get the joined file path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  undo the logger by default .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  undoes   demonstrates
truth:  undoes   setup

test:  api: execute a test notification windows .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  return the default object to use for the current thread .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  manages the communication between this http and the queue counts .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve all usage associated with a given resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  format string of n things for the programmer parameter is of poll .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  yaml: critical this plugin allows you to define "weight" on critical log in the jenkins with the parameter .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  verify that the transport for a key .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  create a continuous random variable with two matrices .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  taken   contributed
truth:  taken   t

test:  translate pattern by matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  try to test info that can not be added to a test .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  gets   r^2
truth:  gets   form

test:  returns key = time descending .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  if a storage that has not missing then we will raise an exception .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  rebuild a schedule from the form .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  try   indices
truth:  try   kb

test:  return a list of all cache .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  cache   mounts
truth:  cache   objects

test:  returns a new course .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   catch
truth:  create   course

test:  return the home directory if possible .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  run a public ip blocks against a given module .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  download and sends a dataset .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a iterator .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  proportion recursive .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  downloads   inform
truth:  downloads   entry

test:  returns the location of the specified location .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  return a tree hash algorithm from a given hash algorithm .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  return dict of the srs of the srs .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  takes   mignotte
truth:  takes   things

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   assume
truth:  adds   header

test:  get window down .
truth: return a window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  unify unify with respect to each element of the numpy and optionally delete dtypes .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  performs   plugin
truth:  performs   division

test:  decorator to check that a transaction is not available .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return an md5 file on a specified environment cli example: .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the linear order of the linear equations .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  print a summary of all help and print a space .
truth: print this help . 
test:  print   xfail
truth:  print   help

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  isnt isnt a configuration instance for the given storage instance .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  find   decimals
truth:  find   storage

test:  resolves the argument to a dataframe .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns a carrier code that matches a phone number .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  compute the profile instances and profile up with profile .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  profiling   accessing
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote list of characters input: input: encoding .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  generate a propertygroup traffic for a given traffic .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  return   fragment
truth:  return   report

test:  create a directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  a generator for the returned parametrized .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  fixed-width an xml string .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  get a resource reference as a string .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  retrieve   pushing
truth:  retrieve   model

test:  multiple pairs for certain value in type .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  deletes one or more model instances .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  return a list of the linear difference between 0 and b .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  check the configuration for being executed and send it .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  prepare a number of pairs into text .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  trailing   determines
truth:  trailing   indexing

test:  configure configuration certificates for nvp clusters .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   request
truth:  configure   control

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  get all ckan after a response .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  get elementnodeobject .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  calculate the group counts for a user .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  strips   pulls
truth:  strips   null

test:  returns a formatted timestamp .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  deletes a route route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   astring
truth:  deletes   route

test:  returns a list of exercises a user is completed with a list of exercises .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  generate pseudorandom application from the given image name .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  indices a function to be called via a flattened sms .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  create a network security group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  returns the matrix into groups where the reference at x <= g for a time series .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  assumes   support
truth:  assumes   time

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   reported
truth:  patches   function

test:  return a metadata for all resources as a resource_view .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  source of liveaction .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  calculate   format
truth:  calculate   parameter

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  return a :math:varphi(x) time .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the configuration options for use .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file name .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the configuration directory path for a key .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  add search results by name .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  input   visualize
truth:  input   artist

test:  load configuration and save profiling configuration from a file .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   encapsulate
truth:  init   instance

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  gets the inner objects of the given vim to the type specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  returns a list of interfaces from the os .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  provide   talking
truth:  provide   dict

test:  decorator that specifies if a user has access to modify a workflow user .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  format given power value as a string power of the given power value .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  de the version control points in a list .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  removes   lcmv
truth:  removes   models

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   publish
truth:  write   graph

test:  set fullscreen video chroma and dimensions .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  restart the gluon routes .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  routes   undoes
truth:  routes   routes

test:  mock a movie operation on a movie .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  writes   assemble
truth:  writes   movie

test:  calculates the gaussian multidimensional with the normal 1d ndarray .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  difference of linear operators .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  divide   looking
truth:  divide   operator

test:  predict a the sepcified into a dictionary .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  return a dictionary with sets of size nelements .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove the existing directory .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  returns the emphasizing position along the x .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field for a given payload .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  return a string represeting list of string arr in each string .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  return string version of obj .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  creates a help short string with a given length .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   restrict
truth:  scharr   array

test:  returns matching tags valid vpc id using the vpc vpc connection variable .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  finds   enhanced
truth:  finds   object

test:  kegg link identifiers to/from within database identifiers .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  link   consisting
truth:  link   link

test:  update the backend backend to use the salt fileserver fileserver : base the salt fileserver of the backend to be listed in the form of the salt fileserver module to
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  returns the first item in the list for which function in the given list .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  require a service .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  require   handles
truth:  require   site

test:  call func with the given arguments .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  verify that a path is a valid url of the file system .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  helper function to update the given process if the policy has a given policy .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  setup as the plugin .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  setup   attempt
truth:  setup   extension

test:  test reading a table witn no column header .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  asynchronously retrieves the worker to our worker .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  create a list of client details for a google store .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  create and return a list of keys from the gpg between user .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  function   review
truth:  function   keys

test:  return a list of supported formats for the app .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  list   choice
truth:  list   formats

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  a blank space characters to generate the leading space .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   timing
truth:  return   spaces

test:  returns the hash value for a given type .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  logs out user and redirects to desktop .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  displays worksheet worksheet for magnitudes .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  transforms a exeggcutess field into a autoregressive .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create a class for use in tests .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a regular expression string containing the images of a given root .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  private method calls to the worker factory .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  run a test .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  push   integrityerror
truth:  push   repositories

test:  check if users forum has access to a forum access .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  boolean   colored
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  parse systemd /etc/os-release for distribution information .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  create a backup for a tar file .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  tars   sleep
truth:  tars   files

test:  make nested iterators seq .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  unpack   confirmed
truth:  unpack   length

test:  test to ensure its easy to custom the exception type wrapper works as expected .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  find files in the directories and their content of the given docstring .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  return true if the url belongs to an url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  find mac address to our new projects .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  pulls   encode
truth:  pulls   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get all compute belonging to a topic by service topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   based
truth:  remove   address

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  determine the purchase rate to transform a file on the purchase .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   formatted
truth:  get   rate

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parses a ancient function function function and returns a dict of its lines .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  renders the avatar avatar service for a specific user .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  render   generate
truth:  render   users

test:  match out the command to its arguments .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  match   reported
truth:  match   function

test:  return the reader for the tree .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  expand   reset
truth:  expand   reader

test:  return smbios_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  create a new task that runs a server .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  attach a role points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   downgrades
truth:  attach   point

test:  return the pid from a process id .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  check contrast array of an array .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  add vertex element to an xml element .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  onpick callback that can be supported on a single event .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  callback   overrides
truth:  callback   channel

test:  check that it can be n-bit .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  a logging wrapper for down all log .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  original_size original_size by size in the registry .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  takes a phone number and returns true if the string only contains it .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  get the xml element .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  check to see if instance profile exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a phone number that is a phone of the phone number .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  delete one or more config lines .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  setup the variable[conf sensor .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  this function is called from showing a json object .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  cached   aliased
truth:  cached   json

test:  solves bernoulli order order order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  parses a t: rule .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  parse   unescapes
truth:  parse   rule

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  was the given expression structure using a single argument .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  insert   pulls
truth:  insert   null

test:  validates the beacon configuration for an managed tunnel .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  remove a network ips .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  remove   instructs
truth:  remove   loopback

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   interpret
truth:  return   dashboard

test:  to make sure that the current working version is less than the requested git version .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  require   extract
truth:  require   version

test:  if output is currently being executed .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  return the proxy for the registered virt type .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  standard deviation .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns either the given date or datetime object .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  turn   enhanced
truth:  turn   object

test:  return a tagged string of the given key parameters .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  attaches   bench
truth:  attaches   value

test:  adds a recent operation on a recent tile .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   expect
truth:  add   body

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  return   customized
truth:  return   salt

test:  return the signature of the data .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  decode   restoring
truth:  decode   data

test:  get the directory of the project .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   disconnects
truth:  returns   dir

test:  get the geometry directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  a sequence of items that is a skipgrams evil .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a random paragraph of paragraph .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   supported
truth:  returns   paragraph

test:  returns whether the current user has permission_codename permissions for a given codename .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  wrap a function to cache results in the cache .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  tests whether the elements of a and b are identical .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  same as a += b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  returns   downgrades
truth:  returns   point

test:  convert the given topics to the oauth2 of topics and client .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  idlist : idlist | ruleitem | ruleitem | newline | idlist | ruleitem | const_ref .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  language: snippets with unicode should show only the supplied normalized unicode names .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  this page is blank .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  pulls   spawns
truth:  pulls   endpoint

test:  build a sequence of sequences for a sequence of sequences .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  call this function if functions is not a function .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the file path to load the given file .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return the first item of the string s .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  return directory of given dir .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  helper to retrieve variable from proper keyczar hook .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  determine a queryset of products fields that a user has a staff sentiment .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  restrict   waveform
truth:  restrict   products

test:  sets the value of the command attribute as a class .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  pulls   defines
truth:  pulls   attributes

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  return cart or reset array_finalize .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  load le32 file containing email @step .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  a layer decorator to limit the layer of a layer to avoid randomized .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  pulls   initialise
truth:  pulls   layers

test:  construct the length of a given length string .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse out the snmp from a http request .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test that the non-ssd cli interfaces chunks are correctly .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decode an eface or list of primary keys .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  decode   stores
truth:  decode   name

test:  decorator to create a task signature .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  efficient algorithm of the polynomial coefficients .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  retrieve quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   optimize
truth:  check   quotas

test:  for all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   exposes
truth:  print   values

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  create a new transaction manager .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  trims trailing data from instance .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  removes   post_save
truth:  removes   metadata

test:  handle a window .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  extend   contructs
truth:  extend   sample

test:  get the taxmodule loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  a decorator that ensures that the target target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  claim claim claim that have been claim .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  prints out the text .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  make the package metadata .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  build   corresponding
truth:  build   wheel

test:  updates the portage tree .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  scenarios have hashes comments with inline comments and inline comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  pulls   unroll
truth:  pulls   steps

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all order files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  split the path components into [ dir* .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  constructs a timestamp into a principal timestamp .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  formats   childnodes
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  create error logs .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  make   gauss
truth:  make   strings

test:  add an cancellation to an address variable to an actionexecution to the request dict .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  request   decrease
truth:  request   action

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  copy all the tests which can be installed in a cluster .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  rewrite the user .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  rewrites   allocate
truth:  rewrites   user

test:  restful controller for programmes <> projects .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk revision are never implemented .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   capitalizes
truth:  tests   revision

test:  parse the contents of this file .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  determine   labeled
truth:  determine   file

test:  main function for the sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  pulls   contructs
truth:  pulls   sample

test:  restore an existing separator from a dictionary .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make sure we dont crash with shell env .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  replacement for the given expression structure .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   homebrew_packages
truth:  clone   structure

test:  generate the theme for the given theme .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   sampled
truth:  generate   footer

test:  indent : simple_stmt | newline .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller for whitelisting senders .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a current location in an vcenter .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  copy datastream to dst .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  like :func:pbkdf2_bin .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  xkcd xkcd function based on power of the values in a list .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  train an image as input .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  read   extract_array
truth:  read   tf

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   alignment
truth:  retrieve   section

test:  parses iso 8601 dates into a utc datetime object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  make sure hponcfg tool is accessible .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  determine a list of a username to create a new autocreate .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  create axes at the requested shape .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  return   interfacing
truth:  return   axes

test:  remove a unreferenced element .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  removes   eliminates
truth:  removes   elements

test:  compute the linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  lazy init a service .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  detect   initializes
truth:  detect   program

test:  compute a rotated kkt by apps .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  not all in-memory .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  get the list of active interface to which a user is interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  interfaces   offset
truth:  interfaces   parameters

test:  compute a surface of the surface surface for a set of wildcards meg .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  calculate the generalized range from a gaussian distribution .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  convert markdown text to markdown fields .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  put one value to the request usage: lab stack static .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  resets   trending
truth:  resets   driver

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  returns if a function is monotonic or not .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  like scipy .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  returns a standard python sequence of the given stream .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  writes   storing
truth:  writes   template

test:  check that the set of jpl are set to see dict .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  mean squared error function .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  because we can add an xml element to the remote tag .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  pulls   autoencoder
truth:  pulls   xml

test:  updates the supplied urls that a new get_html function for all of the supplied type .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  perform   travel
truth:  perform   vera

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   carve
truth:  push   word

test:  check that self-paced attribute of a small attribute .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  test   evacuate
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the default column value for a given type .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  fetch user roles from cola .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  get the outline loops .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  recursively flattens a prefix into a root dict .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check the version string from a given version .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  resolve   extract
truth:  resolve   version

test:  builds a screenshot for a screenshot .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  displays   reorders
truth:  displays   screenshot

test:  adds an interval and returns the number of time .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  returns a formatted string of a memcache and the rest of a memcache .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  retrieve   unmarshalling
truth:  retrieve   sizes

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  convert a user name to a uid .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  wraps words in a full url .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  simple xkcd information .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  load a python source file as python byte-code data from are given .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  attempts to optimal any sampled data in a buffer that may contain the data source file .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  iterator   packed
truth:  iterator   chunks

test:  returns the version of the given stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  guess the method of a method .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restore redis configuration elements .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  create directory tree .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  pull out the nth "good string .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  evaluate the gaussian number .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   username
truth:  evaluate   calculation

test:  given an object .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  runs a script as a failures process .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  import a library by name .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  the inverse of a person tag names .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a name of the supplied code .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  load a file in plain text format and return a random filemetadata .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the partitions of disk devices .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  fix a frontend policy .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  fix   analyzes
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator that returns the elements in a passed file .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  make a file name for the given name .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  creates a new campaign for the given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  calculate the statistic statistic for a given radians .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  calculate   threshold
truth:  calculate   distribution

test:  return all mock mock mock mock mock all the strings in named dir .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  return the path component of the file if it isnt going to the directory of a .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target in the containers ignore_nodes and ignore_edges .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  restart traffic server and the pareto process .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  return box box .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove packages using opkg remove .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  given a template file uri and a template .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  locate   storing
truth:  locate   template

test:  a test if a url is a repository .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  item add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get the mounted cli processor .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  tokens   dtype
truth:  tokens   arg

test:  joins a list with separator .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  direct information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  trim any column of a sequence .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  eliminates   pulls
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns the exempts .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  adds the atomic group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  enables   pulls
truth:  enables   null

test:  test the full link to a list of tuples .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  output   flask
truth:  output   times

test:  features step tags with scenarios .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  applied   handle
truth:  applied   features

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   unescapes
truth:  apply   rule

test:  run a command using the pipe .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  generate a random item from the requested distribution .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  create   renders
truth:  create   series

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  connect to the given socket and port and port and port the socket server .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check if replay_load is installed cli example: .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  function responsible for detailed trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   applied
truth:  update   trace

test:  get the callback to the comment .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  construct a path from a unix asset path .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  filter   hits
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  show the usage with the custom usage .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  returns a random value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  runs   attriute
truth:  runs   stdout

test:  converts config file options into a json configuration .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  takes   freezing
truth:  takes   configuration

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  this functions is called every time to the api functions available .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  discard the dict of p and n-th values .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  discard   added
truth:  discard   p

test:  delete a cache from the sync .
truth: remove " . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  check to see if stream exists in the stream .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  check   takes
truth:  check   stream

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  use print print print print print nicely as print print print format .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the distro release file data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  verify a public webhook signature .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  run interactive environment .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  open   insert
truth:  open   targets

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  this function takes a string and returns either this string or a regexp string .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  function   shared
truth:  function   string

test:  currently executing connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  construct a version 2 ipv6 header with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  format data using the given format and return the string .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  split the first column into a list of nonefor .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  filters out a map file and map those that have the same name .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  given   pass
truth:  given   document

test:  run file descriptor for non-blocking mode .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  sync   restoring
truth:  sync   data

test:  index of lowest value over a specified period .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  weighted   pulls
truth:  weighted   null

test:  log and creates a new quantity in a request .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  this is a generic view function that takes invalid arguments .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  check   propagates
truth:  check   qurl

test:  removes //-comments from a string .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  extract   optdict
truth:  extract   lines

test:  run a file or blocking .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   labeled
truth:  decode   file

test:  converts unicode strings to mbcs .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return the radius of the graph g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   rewrite
truth:  return   radius

test:  updates the type: ccxcon for the students course .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  pass   reported
truth:  pass   function

test:  return a capabilities for the specified resource .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  get all the cpu cpus .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  determines which interfaces are built .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  create composite images using a transparency images .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  create   blend
truth:  create   mask

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  calculates a multidimensional rank filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns a new port number .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  creates   deserialized
truth:  creates   bridge

test:  given a request .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  process   stretch
truth:  process   language

test:  generates the meas id for the given ec2-id .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   talking
truth:  generate   dict

test:  marks a view function as exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  remove invalid whitespace and/or target values .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   block
truth:  remove   chars

test:  set and retrieve a getter function .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  returns a humanized xxx: from the word2vec of the element in a given header .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   decimals
truth:  validate   storage

test:  remove the unicode encoding from a file .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  attempts   pulls
truth:  attempts   null

test:  generate and store it .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return an empty field if the field has empty .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  parse progress from string into a dictionary .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  pull   uploading
truth:  pull   job

test:  declaration_specifiers : storage_class_specifier declaration_specifiers .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  close serial port for snap reprap communications .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   receives
truth:  close   port

test:  simple high order sequences for debugging simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  returns utf-8 representation of the supplied string .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  decode   flip
truth:  decode   python

test:  get information about the kernel status cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get all instance faults for the provided instance_uuids .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  create a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  return time difference of a timezone .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  template   hits
truth:  template   filter

test:  handle a sigterm .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  puts   vms
truth:  puts   thread

test:  send a hup to service via s6 cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reverses
truth:  pulls   services

test:  check if we have peer access to the module .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  overwriting the cmd python module makes debugging modules with pdb a bit harder so lets do it this way instead .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  provides   mocked
truth:  provides   runner

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   clustered
truth:  solves   equations

test:  set the generated random rand .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  a decorator constructor .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  wraps   float
truth:  wraps   decorator

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  remove a list of tuples by a list .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   eliminates
truth:  remove   elements

test:  returns the tops modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   init
truth:  returns   modules

test:  render a resource .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  check if repo_directory is a repository .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  tokenid : id | qliteral | code | prec .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  invert a number of bits .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  reduce   prepopulates
truth:  reduce   bits

test:  return a requirejs-wrapped wrapping a extracticon with content as xml .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  a decorator that if it has a particular addon for a addon .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  this function modifies the decorated function after loading that the function is required .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  get the extension for sphinx extension .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  wrapped   stays
truth:  wrapped   sphinx

test:  get a list of the provided power of all the provided power autoregressive .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  add a new cli manager to the log .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  pulls   decrease
truth:  pulls   action

test:  convert a constructor into a scalar .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  ensure that all .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test mne positive while passing bases .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   localize
truth:  find   reference

test:  returns a list of all time interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  gives   switch
truth:  gives   list

test:  send a client that catches users url .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  execute   pts
truth:  execute   rpc

test:  generate a dictionary mapping settings for the given user .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  generate   aliased
truth:  generate   json

test:  parses a calendar and returns a openerp role .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  return   dissassociates
truth:  return   levels

test:  evaluate the color with the given lowcolor .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  test if a new transform is two-dimensional array or scalar array .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   divides
truth:  return   matrices

test:  connect to aws route :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   listens
truth:  connect   amazon

test:  load the shape by x or x x by shape or x by shape when one or both x and y .
truth: compute dot . 
test:  compute   boot
truth:  compute   dot

test:  displays all links .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  redirect   bring
truth:  redirect   page

test:  get optimal testing data and choose it .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   sanitize
truth:  return   libraries

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  check if the occurred at the factorial function are the same .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  generate a test manager that the current request to context .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  take a list of absolute absolute paths and return a comma-separated string .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a template string into a tree .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   deconvolves
truth:  parse   level

test:  convert a datetime value to a datetime in the format .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  lists all of the metadata server .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   temperature
truth:  converts   date

test:  from "writing jobs" to the package specified by the environment .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   define
truth:  is   path

test:  test mode with doc .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   blacklisted
truth:  test   attachments

test:  remove the current search index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the current request value by the given request .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  returns a key that has a given reference .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  sort   reported
truth:  sort   function

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  instantiates an all-ones variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  determine if input line contains an weight operator .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a random string of random characters .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  verify attributes for set explicitly .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  pass   defines
truth:  pass   attributes

test:  creates a checker for the deadlock .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  efficiently ico callback from sources .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  pulls   splitting
truth:  pulls   surface

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning and we add a scalar .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   figure
truth:  test   inputs

test:  returns true if *obj* is a collection of dict/list/tuple .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  setup as a no-op .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  setup gpmdp .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  return a :meth: .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the randomly generated nonce .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  contract   pulls
truth:  contract   null

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  find all files in source/* .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  calls epochs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  equalize   sparks
truth:  equalize   number

test:  translate a file to an object of paths .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  get the precedence state for state .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  find the path to a repository in a repository .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing object to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  only load if all the modules are available .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  turn on new csrf off .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  in order to update websites .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return items as a list of the given baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  check that course mode is expired and can be available for the given course mode .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  helper to generate the number of n files .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the start sensor .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  run a test .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  writes the given data to a file .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  decorate   pulls
truth:  decorate   null

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  remove a single config file .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   printed
truth:  remove   pattern

test:  validate or return the integer spaced or x is a string .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an ndarray by making an ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  generate   reconstructs
truth:  generate   ndarray

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  sets base image properties based on the image_ref .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  sets   backup
truth:  sets   properties

test:  using the renderer renderer_name .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   challenges
truth:  using   renderer

test:  returns true if any element of the sequence satisfies true .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  wrapper around site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  only load the module if apache is supported .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  converts a cmdline value into a hash .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  expects   authorizes
truth:  expects   command

test:  scrub the breadth-first dict of the unregister .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  set evacuate fact if not already present in facts dict dict: the facts dict updated with the generated facts if missing args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for the drivers .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   flashes
truth:  replace   characters

test:  transfer and save the closest remaining schemes .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   define
truth:  transfer   path

test:  class decorator to construct an appropriate class from the class .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   render
truth:  pulls   issubclass

test:  returns all issues in a list of issues .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extract   augments
truth:  extract   issues

test:  export states to a list of yaml for which exploration is greater than one of the given exploration id .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  tests update plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  find if if or > address is empty .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   batch
truth:  run   code

test:  send and receive srbt packet using a bluetooth socket .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  create the first line of the given pass .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  is   import
truth:  is   summary

test:  evaluate inception dataset or training .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   debugging
truth:  evaluate   dataset

test:  return iterator of the nodes in graph that are sets in g .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  return false if we are running in sys .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  translate   corrupts
truth:  translate   terms

test:  ensure a profile is present .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  get the osf statistics for the given osf .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  build the right environment and run in msvs .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  returns a dictionary with the expected and expected values of those rules .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  given   svn
truth:  given   dicts

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return true if the function node is a decorator .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  download an s3 object from the given bucket .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  sanitize for filename .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a seqrecord .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the total seconds for compatibility with the given number of seconds .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  pulls   poll
truth:  pulls   versions

test:  all the characters in a matrix .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  manipulate   sums
truth:  manipulate   expression

test:  input a upcast .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  return the network api functions .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  test must be defined as an expected tools .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  wrap request handler methods with this decorator to require that the request be logged in .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  delete an existing instance_info_cache record .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   eliminating
truth:  delete   cache

test:  authenticate with authentication token .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  authenticate   guvectorize
truth:  authenticate   oauth

test:  ping? pong! .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  saves   skipped
truth:  saves   use

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  construct   come
truth:  construct   yaml

test:  inverse of the generalized eigenvalues of the standard error .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure session secret and fully fully session key .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  pulls   sends
truth:  pulls   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  used to get a template file from pillar .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  render   labeled
truth:  render   file

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  check current configuration value .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  get the absolute path where the path is in the line of the path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  create a new message cipher .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   present
truth:  linking   role

test:  decorator to make sure the predicted of a referer if it is not a valid application .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  read in production bytes from the given file and return production object .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  given a linear programming row and a linear programming where t .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  normalizes text to a single space .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  detects image in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   handle
truth:  detects   features

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  returns the ask of the passed user .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  asks   allocate
truth:  asks   user

test:  generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   review
truth:  generates   keys

test:  returns the current task that corresponds to the given task .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  executing   mount
truth:  executing   task

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  generates a bytearray of sequences with n computation .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  a helper function used to check if the service is actually set .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  display the synopsis dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  given a action .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  pulls   fit
truth:  pulls   choices

test:  count a count of a tree clades to a new branch .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  count   pulls
truth:  count   null

test:  determine whether the given string is a version of a given array .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  simulates   inplace
truth:  simulates   ovs

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  test the built-in exception works .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   storing
truth:  delete   template

test:  given a list of levels .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   utf-8
truth:  determine   argument

test:  queries the coupon to get the user if the coupon code is not in the preserved signed .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  remove invalid whitespace and/or words from each string .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  checks whether the transaction manager is in manual or in auto state .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  test that the sickbeard can be pip .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a groups of an activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  no changes to the image members table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   forwards
truth:  changes   image

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  returns the person contact user .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  maps lea .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   sanitize
truth:  format   libraries

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a formatted cluster based on where the cluster is in the same name .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert a boto .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  string   blocks
truth:  string   representation

test:  show the system version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  reset ckans of the specified model to the scene_names reference .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   tile
truth:  reset   information

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  return the version string for the project .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  validate that the requirements dictionary are validation .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  validate   purge
truth:  validate   requirements

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get md5sum of a file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  generate   orthoganlize
truth:  generate   hash

test:  convert a column number to a given column .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  pulls   address
truth:  pulls   sqlalchemy

test:  move a path to the file system .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  move   enhanced
truth:  move   object

test:  moves files or directories .
truth: move a file . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  return rst with block from the file named text .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  get the fans object for an object type .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  helper function to computes the median of qsturng .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  returns the raw tool xml .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  load   blocks
truth:  load   representation

test:  checks for warnings header header .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  yaml: builders-from a file or build parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  output of time histogram data .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  plots   organize
truth:  plots   histogram

test:  writes a string into a file .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  dump   reported
truth:  dump   function

test:  find a specific user by name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  some pure python tests .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  add   authenticated
truth:  add   everything

test:  display the speed dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  for cross compatibility between 0 and 7; .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  register a table in the provided class .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random get .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  load all plugins .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  attempts   interpolated
truth:  attempts   plugins

test:  load logger .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  find objects nicely after le32 .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  recursive   located
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a generator that can be used to generate a random seed .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  check whether compatibility is not installed and fails to use the visible modules .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  runs   retrive
truth:  runs   checks

test:  validate a configuration file and return an instance .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  run code with sys .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a *safe* weak reference to a callable target target -- the object to be weakly referenced .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  return the vmdk size for an image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  tries to the unsafe version string .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  undoes   pulls
truth:  undoes   null

test:  take a knot vector of the diagonal of a matrix .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  get a file client and create a file in it .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  scan a video from a specified path .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   updating
truth:  scan   archive

test:  insert a random subset of choices into one .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   deduces
truth:  insert   circuit

test:  get all api deployment for a given apiid and deploymentid cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   keep
truth:  get   deployment

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   utf-8
truth:  check   argument

test:  close missing filenos .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  start the standard service window if the root window is disk .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  display   plucks
truth:  display   window

test:  kludge the file from a file .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  extracts the input data from a given directory .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  both user entities and author .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  convert   backup
truth:  convert   properties

test:  clears the post mortem debugging excepthook .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  remove   escaped
truth:  remove   post

test:  quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a galaxy artifact .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  most square n of a square integer .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  return   clamp
truth:  return   area

test:  return a list of all stacks under the queue_dir .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  filter out the version of a method that has a version method and the required version .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  remove   specifies
truth:  remove   methods

test:  a synonym for the module: - restoring args .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator to clean a test if it is called .
truth: run setup . 
test:  run   demonstrates
truth:  run   setup

test:  return a dict of all the json json values of data that correspond to a json representation .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  get equation for rectangular polynomial .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   unserialize
truth:  get   integration

test:  parse the hosts string .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  return the sequence of the elements of seq or sequence examples .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  returns   brings
truth:  returns   checksum

test:  get the length of a given object .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return the median of the mean sorted by values .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  calculate   renders
truth:  calculate   series

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  returns a complete django suite for all the tests in installed_apps .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   browse
truth:  returns   testsuite

test:  ensure that a function does not exist or it .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  convert string to int .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  save metric data into python objects .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  return the average clustering of the bipartite clustering in the bipartite clustering .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  the text representation of a combined document .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  introduce   sign
truth:  introduce   pair

test:  submit an recaptcha challenge to the response .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  remove a github team with team_name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  removes   archive
truth:  removes   member

test:  disassociate all defined fixed ips by host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  check that the redshift methods are properly bond5 .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file in *filename* format and return the relevant bin' .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  deserialize stream or current stream like yaml text .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  clean out the path path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  make   define
truth:  make   path

test:  program : simple_stmt | newline | newline | newline | program | const_map | newline .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  close the current file so that the next iteration will read the first line from the next file ; lines not read from the file will not read towards the
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  submits the current user settings as a dictionary of the given settings .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  displays   unrooted
truth:  displays   differences

test:  take an sdm from a set of expressions and return the corresponding dict of expressions .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  stream check against the retention of the retention .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  decrease   standardises
truth:  decrease   period

test:  split inputs by paths to insert the inputs into a single list .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  parses the domain into the partition .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  parse   requesting
truth:  parse   i

test:  query the parent chain from a users web server .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  builds a simple geojson beets file and the word2vec model .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  reads otu map file and returns a list of otus .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  filter   marks
truth:  filter   otus

test:  create a test app for testing .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  upload a file from starting web page .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  filters out the set of regexp names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  get the appropriate value for the given dict or its keywords .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pulls
truth:  pooling   null

test:  returns the directory empty project name for the project .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  pulls   provide
truth:  pulls   provider

test:  matches pat for each of the given regexp .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterates   ip
truth:  iterates   paths

test:  invert a dict mapping the files to monoms terms .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  reads the command line and returns a dict of the command lines .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  evaluate python environment variable values in the expression .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  update the uri for a given request body or raise if the vm is actually set .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  use a non-regression non-regression to test .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  assert   safe_octal
truth:  assert   class

test:  returns the given thread id .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   resolved
truth:  read   threads

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  execute the main function to ensure the argparse script is used to create it in the argparse environment variable .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get all issues in a given page .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  decorator for a recursive method which needs to be recursive .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes a mocking implementation for the given context .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a url for a given url .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  makes a dictionary where an prior are not set .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if misc/news has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  check   subscribed
truth:  check   configure

test:  remove the vectors from a set of vectors .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  removes   convert
truth:  removes   sequences

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  pulls   go
truth:  pulls   channels

test:  dump the specified config file cli example: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  dump   freezing
truth:  dump   configuration

test:  returns a prime number of max bits of nbits bits .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  write data to a file in chunks and write the string .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  write   takes
truth:  write   stream

test:  return whether the x is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   customized
truth:  check   salt

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  marks a view function as exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  export method to a png file format and dump the output to disk .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   grabs
truth:  export   png

test:  add a flex to a single suite .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   compiles
truth:  adds   suite

test:  convert orange to numpy scalar .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   unsubscribe
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  uppercase the range code .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  pulls   flashes
truth:  pulls   characters

test:  converts symbol into sysv bits .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  verify that two values from compare two nodes by frozenset .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  verify   s
truth:  verify   sets

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  reports reports to be joined now .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this function is called in the command line interface .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  build   created
truth:  build   mode

test:  test the selectdatewidget type of an auth token .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   decorates
truth:  test   web

test:  recursive helper to sanitize a host string .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  run all of the given shell command in a given subprocess .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  create a directory .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  tests that the in-db store cannot be instantiated .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  try   unleash
truth:  try   store

test:  turn a list of allocations into a dict by resource provider provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  given an image .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  update   indicating
truth:  update   images

test:  extract the translations from a given file .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  adds *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the source as network controller .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  pulls   nose
truth:  pulls   prefix

test:  deletes one or more datastore .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  open a file with the given mode and return a wrapped string .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  lookup and parse objects in related errors .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  make   mignotte
truth:  make   things

test:  returns true if point is valid or false if generator is not a power of the point generator .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  is   listen
truth:  is   key

test:  filtered-equal shapes adjust with the given dimension 1) .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  preprocess   overriding
truth:  preprocess   dimension

test:  returns a neighbor string indicating the number of neighbor attributes .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  test   dwindle
truth:  test   neighbor

test:  helper for an argument .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  measure   confirmed
truth:  measure   length

test:  download the command from the file_url and return its filename if it is already installed .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  build   small_stmts
truth:  build   line

test:  perform a record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  ask wrapper for pep command-line tool prompt .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  requeue mail queue to set mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper function taking two lines .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   usage
truth:  remove   rows

test:  return the correct configuration of the file is 'local' .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  this code is used in the test wmapechannel .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  launch   draft
truth:  launch   prompt

test:  create a fake cluster .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  decorator to add a revision to the database .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns the data for a given package .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  collects a boolean field of name and transformer it with the valid parents .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   flattening
truth:  collects   field

test:  test when extra places belong to a nonexistent extra path .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  add a link to the configuration directory .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  returns a user model object from the django model .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  build master controller_args .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   rounding
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with random points on the input individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  handler for any asn1value pulled for the given course .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  signal   selecting
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is an enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  initializes all applications from models and their states .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  forces   blurred
truth:  forces   applications

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  a helper function to dump the equality of a test .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  return true if the graph is a set of edge cover .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  adds the plugin translations .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  error checking for routines that return strings .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  use / sort .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  load a module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return true .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve the theano hash of the tx built-in key-value key-value key-value hash for the ipv6 int .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  create a dictionary for color instances of their start .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  commits a commit to a stream .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  show   disappear
truth:  show   commit

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check if the given package is installed in the package .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  call post-configuration of the packages brew its path to the command .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  returns the sentiment sentiment .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  rank   connect
truth:  rank   entities

test:  remove a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   rebuild
truth:  remove   license

test:  compute an indefinite sum of the gosper value of the gosper and g .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  execute a command .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  returns polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   superimposes
truth:  returns   quotient

test:  cleans the canonical directory .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  attempt to monitor multiple threads to a thread .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get path to standard home directory .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  return the best guess of an object .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  build arguments to make the given file with cidx open .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  make   labeled
truth:  make   file

test:  test that missing .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  error   capturing
truth:  error   error

test:  return a sample of sample from a population .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  call the sqs .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of all rsync changes from the given list of copied from the rsync .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  get   loads
truth:  get   changes

test:  get the current time in milliseconds since epoch .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  run a command in help with arguments .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  identify   switch
truth:  identify   list

test:  convert a mobius .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   labels
truth:  convert   transform

test:  decorator a function using a certain function .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  mark   casting
truth:  mark   coverage

test:  makes sure that all path names exist in the given subdirectory .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  handle   rearranges
truth:  handle   import

test:  permanently delete a static lb .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   fake
truth:  delete   load

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  set attributes that are returned with nested operation .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  compute the theano model :arg probability of a half-open .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the inverse of a tag .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  get   turning
truth:  get   posts

test:  task that set_type of the elements of an element from the previous adding two subclasses to the vulnerability .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   strips
truth:  extract   changelog

test:  return the application of an application from the given app_label .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  used   resample
truth:  used   directories

test:  return power tuple x <= t^ 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   contributed
truth:  return   t

test:  return the grade histogram status .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  print   organize
truth:  print   histogram

test:  returns "dir" or "file" according to what type path is .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   introduce
truth:  returns   l

test:  list all vms ids .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  context manager that silences stdout and stderr output to stderr .
truth: override sys . 
test:  override   inputhook
truth:  override   sys

test:  get the root directory of the config dir .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  return a fixed frequency range .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   matching
truth:  return   timedelta

test:  find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  returns true if and b are equal .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  creates the diff dictionary from the given key .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   specifies
truth:  stubs   methods

test:  replace the matched xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   autoencoder
truth:  replace   xml

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  makes   crop
truth:  makes   directory

test:  returns the username of a process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  apply the feature fields by applying a list .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  replace   homebrew_packages
truth:  replace   structure

test:  get the required jdk that represents the architecture .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  returns   searching
truth:  returns   architecture

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  clear all available cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  reads and returns the contents of the given file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test whether the base url is super .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  create a custom setup .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  pulls   deallocate
truth:  pulls   worker

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  tries to redis .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  find a file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  if the bundle structure is flat .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  force an column exists .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  alter   mutate
truth:  alter   column

test:  run a string in a given format .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  asynchronously run a single test tool .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  default   enumerates
truth:  default   protocol

test:  returns the plugin :class:i18nstore .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  generate discovery docs and client libraries to files .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   wheather
truth:  generate   library

test:  check to make sure that old writes are actually :class:oauth2provider .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   build
truth:  check   conf

test:  get vector3 by point .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   failing
truth:  decorate   style

test:  return a list of the version of the new configs windows .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   poll
truth:  return   versions

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  only work on systems which default to smf .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  return the path without the file extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  make sure unsupported can be compiled .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  returns the private keys with the given keys or the key .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  returns the revision the revision of a given revision .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  gets   stored
truth:  gets   #

test:  gets the default value of a test_case field in a given defs .
truth: given a field . 
test:  given   flattening
truth:  given   field

test:  creates a histogram .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  creates   offset
truth:  creates   parameters

test:  compute the probability range of a given expression .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  short   identified
truth:  short   rgb

test:  deprecated method for the recalculate_subsection_grade method .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  reads the grains from the current dir .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  register new elastic role class for a given role .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  given a key string .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return a list of the order of the string .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  function   distribute
truth:  function   proxy

test:  read names from a csv file with the given path .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  pick the installer plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   identifies
truth:  pick   plugin

test:  given an entry from a dictionary .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  build   safe_octal
truth:  build   class

test:  get respective parameter line notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  get   supplied
truth:  get   api

test:  moto -> bool .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  make   categorize
truth:  make   read

test:  class decorator to retrieve a single locale from a locale .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  converts a timeseries to a float .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create the megam megam configuration for the given association .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  configure   paging
truth:  configure   interface

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  downloads setuptools from package and describing the gae version .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  download   unsqueezing
truth:  download   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   safe_octal
truth:  function   class

test:  starts a function or dict with the description of arg .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  test that we find the notation with regular expression .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  tests   sums
truth:  tests   expression

test:  serialize value into a string suitable for use in a given string .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  serializes   format
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  returns the string containing validation results .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  limit   prioritized
truth:  limit   messages

test:  parse the location line of a stack trace .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  add specific user to a list .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  returns a dictionary mapping dependencies to the given number of ndependents objects .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  a generator that yields lines from source .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  create a class with a class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  add   safe_octal
truth:  add   class

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an arbitrary package .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return a set of items that correspond to a given collection of items .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  start in: onscroll .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  interpret   fitnesse
truth:  interpret   events

test:  check to make sure the default horizontal works properly .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send an email .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  save _cached_views _cached_views to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must not yet present in the current roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  run html tidy with minimal settings .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  return the descendants of nodes in g .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  prints the summary of all the rows of a given row .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  prints   rows

test:  tell viewop how to generate a short error code .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  builds a google service .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  recursively sort data to a flask form .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  verifies that a command contains the specified context .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   evpn
truth:  removes   schema

test:  generates a string using the parameters .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  creates   gzip
truth:  creates   markup

test:  scan a smtpd log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  given a route table or name and a given vpc id .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  get eol characters that are characters .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  get   flashes
truth:  get   characters

test:  register models and create metadata .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   backup
truth:  register   properties

test:  a function to determine whether a package is installed .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  check for existence of key in key .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  calculate md5sum of a file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  convert text to an int .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  this function returns the string with the given context .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  cast a dtype to a dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  parses an rfc822 string from a datetime object .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  attempts   shared
truth:  attempts   string

test:  transform an integer from network to a 16-bit integer or integer as an integer .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  deletes a problem of all students on a specified problem .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  check all identifier values .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  see   code
truth:  see   logger

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  set the password for a named user .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  bootstrap a power state the minion cli example: .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a user .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  get the the the the arguments for the given cluster .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create an image from a list of feature ids .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  prepare   enhanced
truth:  prepare   object

test:  draw navigation navigation onclick .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  handle   submits
truth:  handle   navigation

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  parse the line numbers .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  return   dataframe
truth:  return   comments

test:  indentation manager .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  convert degrees in integer to long integer representing the toolbar .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  return   speed
truth:  return   minutes

test:  validates that the given validator function can be used as an application context .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   protects
truth:  validate   args

test:  water sources: restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  returns data from the data file name .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  checks if a string is a valid builtin name .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  delete a asset role .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  del   notes
truth:  del   asset

test:  return a table of all groups .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   paste
truth:  return   containers

test:  publish a user from the current page if page isnt already .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  publish   bring
truth:  publish   page

test:  add the bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  setup the generic hold tv platform .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   represents
truth:  setup   radio

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   download
truth:  convert   coordinate

test:  return a normalized string with a given line endings .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  find subnodes in the 'exists' .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   banned
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   attribute
truth:  insert   statements

test:  recursively print a clean files to the tree .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  helper function to create a map of decoding .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  creates   quotes
truth:  creates   map

test:  blend colors from a working expression .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of tree names of the tree .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a list of mappings where the state we actually restarted .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  given two loglikelihood .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  get the attribute of an object by name .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  make a figure with an image or small script .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  draw   close
truth:  draw   graphs

test:  run the list of deprecation exercise .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  copy the annotations from the src to the destination directory .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   obfuscate
truth:  copy   tokens

test:  crop the image in a logical image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  update the timeline in the matplotlib document .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  unregister a class name from the given alias .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  parse a query given a file of the file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a list with ids of all collections that the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  find all the features for the given eps .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  return   interpolated
truth:  return   plugins

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   labeled
truth:  append   file

test:  solves dn + gyz + x_{2}^2 = type .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  function   export
truth:  function   tuple

test:  returns a finder filter filters .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  test whether the object is an integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  return a multivariate value for a multivariate thread .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  generate   subprojects
truth:  generate   multivariate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  retrieve all quotas for a given resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  a decorator for a function taking an object .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  creates a request to send an api request to the given host and return the request .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  format the file or block device using a user provided format .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  make   forgets
truth:  make   filesystem

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  performs polar matrices on a quadratic matrix .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a list of port for an upnp device .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  returns   prefix
truth:  returns   deferred

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  install a package in jumpserver .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  flattens a polynomial docstring .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  truncates a string to a certain number of characters .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   pocsuite
truth:  return   n

test:  remove all emails that correspond to the queue .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  clear   lettuce
truth:  clear   emails

test:  remove a given jacket from the system .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return html string of html url if it is none .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  detect   labeled
truth:  detect   file

test:  like json .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  list all repositories within the organization .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   integrityerror
truth:  list   repositories

test:  returns true if user is masquerading to view the specific course for the course that the course is masquerading as .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  create a simple wsgi response with a simple and return it .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  pulls   barcodes
truth:  pulls   http

test:  check that the element from request contains the request header .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  direct_abstract_declarator with a certain loop lock .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  perform deseq2 negative binomial wald differential abundance test on a raw abundance otu matrix .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  returns a container from a string .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  convert   satisfy
truth:  convert   container

test:  run a context manager in a given communication .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  transform complex angle into angle for binary angle .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  convert   file
truth:  convert   rotation

test:  get a version from the postgres server .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  parses a list/dict of addon .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  create the full path to a file by the given path .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  create   consisting
truth:  create   link

test:  generate exception for an event message .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  smooth a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  limit   labeled
truth:  limit   file

test:  remove double values from a dictionary .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  create the page .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  build   been
truth:  build   format

test:  run a child service .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  join path tokens together similar to osp .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   pulls
truth:  join   null

test:  add nova .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  patch   enabled
truth:  patch   nova

test:  return the checksum of the thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   brings
truth:  return   checksum

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  start a scheduled command .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  mark   uploading
truth:  mark   job

test:  get the lg notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  check if a file with fp is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  setup the graphite feeder .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  takes a string and a single string and returns a a a a a a a lines of numbers .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   optdict
truth:  parse   lines

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   stores
truth:  destroy   name

test:  returns list of states states that are not a list of states .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  decorator that simulates a test method or method in a skiptest .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the current locale .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  set slow-spawning timeouts to sys .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  return a format string for printing the format type .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  helper function to allow querying ccx fields to a ccx .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  perform a binary image with same summary .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   import
truth:  test   summary

test:  apphook a new .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  match the pattern of the pattern in the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  callback to rename abe in case .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  drop   pulls
truth:  drop   null

test:  a blank line .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the given rules have the same rule .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  context manager that changes the correct context for all two temporarily inside the following block .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  activate   interpolates
truth:  activate   lang

test:  show an error message immediately .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  statement : name equals number .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  sets the current output format .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  gets   been
truth:  gets   format

test:  returns a sequential name of the dictionaries containing the specified version of a namedtuple .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  parses a search engine engine .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  in case filepath is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  pulls   tokenizing
truth:  pulls   filepath

test:  returns the current module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  get   coupling
truth:  get   target

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  gets the deprecation location of a string .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  drop   weblate
truth:  drop   references

test:  move items matching query from lib into lib .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  moves   enhance
truth:  moves   items

test:  look for a list of glob patterns in the specified patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get the subj certificate from a keyinfo dictionary .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  given   producing
truth:  given   certificate

test:  gathers all assets from many modules .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  depreciate   proxying
truth:  depreciate   assets

test:  internal helper function for extra implementations .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get the version of the specified executable of the gcc of the gcc specified by the number of the specified executable .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  only work on macos .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  return the intersection of all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  test whether a resource is modified modified .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  ensure testing mode is enabled in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  ensure   created
truth:  ensure   mode

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  return run a when the support fn is run .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  removes   disconnecting
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  does the key of a file and the respective s3 connection .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  create a raw query from a given instance .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  takes   xlsx
truth:  takes   query

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find a deque of the current bricks .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  walk   examine
truth:  walk   brick

test:  list currently registered volumes .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  get the windows computer description :return: returns the appropriate computer description if found .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  packs a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  print the list of packets for this authors magic authors .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   made
truth:  print   authors

test:  return a call to sample service .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  calls   specifies
truth:  calls   methods

test:  returns true if a pid is running in the process with pid .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  check   prettify
truth:  check   process

test:  retry a function after the given delay .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  try   flask
truth:  try   times

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers if any registered exit calls in reverse order so functions are executed in add functions _exithandlers .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   constrained
truth:  run   functions

test:  setup the onkyo platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  returns the pairwise distances between x and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  disable users who .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  blocks   terminate
truth:  blocks   password

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  convert a regexp pattern to a list .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  simple function to return if host is smartos or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  build a path from the package paths .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  search the request index for an http request and return the request .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  gets the given aff4object by id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  return a dict for the login tool .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  make sure the test is cleared properly .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  read variable definitions from the local node .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   clones
truth:  read   server

test:  like unicode/str/bytes .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  remove   hides
truth:  remove   pointer

test:  checks if the task has access to the custom task .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  initializes the attributes of a new-style attribute .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get iscsi sessions of iscsi sessions .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   implement
truth:  get   sessions

test:  get an argv flag for a namespace of time or none if there are no one for the none given .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  this convert a numpy array to a local value .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  djangos   pulls
truth:  djangos   null

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   store
truth:  estimate   memory

test:  encrypt data using key .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  queue view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  ordered   usage_key_string
truth:  ordered   view

test:  returns true if this issue is closed in the github requests .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  attempt   thinks
truth:  attempt   issue

test:  helper function to the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  helper parse action for defining a blaze expression .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  pulls   pending
truth:  pulls   default

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  decrypt   supports
truth:  decrypt   text

test:  copy keys to all keys .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  manage the named mode cli example: .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  helper function to get an grains from the proxied device .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  function   undo
truth:  function   grains

test:  generate the description of a single schema .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   evpn
truth:  format   schema

test:  compute the plot density estimate of a given density plot .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  calculate   ban
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  give a list of page where the user can add or the list of the page has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  build a navigation style type for a given config type .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  vae samples as multiple tests .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allows   declared
truth:  allows   samples

test:  multi-class prediction crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  cross   feed
truth:  cross   entropy

test:  import a module from a system path .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  pulls   rearranges
truth:  pulls   import

test:  builds a template error with the given css .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  build   storing
truth:  build   template

test:  copy the value of the src .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  tests that the api method is initialized by the api .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  detach a path in the current process if the rest are specified .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   initializes
truth:  detach   program

test:  push joined onto the current time .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  remove unused images in an installed image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  remove   squeezing
truth:  remove   uuid

test:  run one or more grains from the specified ret[arg] cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   undo
truth:  return   grains

test:  adjust the statuses of a class that methods the memoized memoized for a given class .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  pulls   call
truth:  pulls   docstrings

test:  this method takes the registry in an css_selector that should first be called with an registry .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  enumerates   pulls
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  returns the reference to the given object .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  measures a list of all *chained .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  format a task object for consumption outside of perhaps task .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   mount
truth:  format   task

test:  delete the text from the cursor to the cursor .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  kill   incorporate
truth:  kill   cursor

test:  decorator for adding a function or a class to a command .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  attaches   located
truth:  attaches   method

test:  return a slice of the given rss .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  limit   store
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a value for obj .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  return xattr_where_from information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check if the given text is make sure the given content .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  the end of the string node in the html starting at the end of a string .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses images for evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   forwards
truth:  preprocesses   image

test:  yaml: html this plugin allows you to support admins on the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:robot framework plugin <copy+to+slave+plugin> .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  pulls   cool
truth:  pulls   publisher

test:  get gear path output .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi each time each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  compute the full text of a dict of the full text to stdout .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  compute   randomise
truth:  compute   message

test:  clears the screen .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  hack   parsefile
truth:  hack   descriptor

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   derive
truth:  initialize   templates

test:  add a function to another default order .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  adds   assures
truth:  adds   none

test:  take a javascript string and return a javascript string of the time until that has been written .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  js   pulls
truth:  js   null

test:  issue a database or patch into database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  convert a binary string into a long integer .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  log a message .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  if there is a list that will be changed from the mtime .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return list of regexp with glance options .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  recursively detect a set of authors macros .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  return a dictionary of the matching language code .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  get joined loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parses the given html represented by the given argparse .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  handle   initializes
truth:  handle   program

test:  verify inheritance on the temporary class even if new-style stores stores stores the old-style class .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get data from the jobs cache .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  load probability from ec into initial estimator .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  checks   captures
truth:  checks   w

test:  make a list of datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  make   signal
truth:  make   datasets

test:  simple convenience function to check if the command can be executed .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  return a boolean of the nnf .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  checks   craft
truth:  checks   expr

test:  parses the configuration string blocking from the config object .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  requests specific privacy list listname .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  deletes   switch
truth:  deletes   list

test:  check if the tables is changed or not .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  checks   undoes
truth:  checks   routes

test:  callback to guard with a slice .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  use the log traceback to log traceback files which should be logging .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   shed
truth:  log   exception

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  create a tag from a clark name .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list of the names of a group .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  transform files to a path to the directory that contains .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  test if certificate is a certificate .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  determines   producing
truth:  determines   certificate

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  returns the status for a course .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  zero order of integer x is array .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  convert a parser string into a tree of tags .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  test that sampclient can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all vms cli example: .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  cases a bucket doesnt already exists .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  trying   enters
truth:  trying   bucket

test:  update collections subscribers .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   revoke
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   listen
truth:  derive   key

test:  shares photos from existing episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  pulls   warn
truth:  pulls   photos

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  wraps a sql query string with a simple greeting .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  removes multiline hosts from given modules or classic and a comma-separated string .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  returns   prefilled
truth:  returns   hosts

test:  get meta for given doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  pickle arguments to file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   directed
truth:  get   delay

test:  return the argument name of a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  find   instantiate
truth:  find   arguments

test:  computes nodes and weights for beta distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   unescapes
truth:  computes   rule

test:  convert a string representation of the supplied string .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  yield   obfuscate
truth:  yield   tokens

test:  generator that returns an iterator over frames from socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  returns   goes
truth:  returns   frames

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  kill a process and all of its children .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  identify   explode
truth:  identify   processes

test:  create an ssh key for a service .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get the stroke radius .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  inserts a new record for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   clip
truth:  inserts   record

test:  create an edxnotes client for use by the api requests .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  make sure that integers are valid expressions .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   parameterize
truth:  make   integers

test:  convert a value to a buffer for matching json string .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  tests whether the real and has been set .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  converts data to http date format .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  context manager which changes the given exception type to operate in the context of a given value .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  save   shed
truth:  save   exception

test:  creates a :class:~flask into a file dialog and returns its filename .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   logged
truth:  creates   dialog

test:  subroutine to create a canvas canvas .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  pulls   puts
truth:  pulls   canvas

test:  language: zh-tw -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a mro .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  multifactorial of the squarefree function h1v(z) we need to y .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  finds   displayed
truth:  finds   sigma

test:  computes an rsa key from a google authentication .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  generate   install
truth:  generate   response

test:  determines the network processors .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set the value of a cgroup for a named container cli example: .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  ensure pagerduty resource exists .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  pulls   negate
truth:  pulls   resource

test:  send email to inform observers about a task .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  check if the ip making sure that the ip belongs to the time-step archive is not part of these .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  lf line of a single line .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  retrieve   small_stmts
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  erase and concatenate js and css files .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  installs   belong
truth:  installs   hook

test:  return a path for the directory of a given local or .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  unregister models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   lcmv
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get all urls linked to a relase .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  if the environment variable w3af_processes is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  pulls   unquoting
truth:  pulls   environment

test:  override the given configuration file and returns a new configuration object .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  returns true if name is ascii .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  given   square
truth:  given   figures

test:  write the cluster sequence of a name in the graph pairs .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  writes   switch
truth:  writes   list

test:  a version of urllib .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  doing   overlap
truth:  doing   encode

test:  decode a bson int64 to python list .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   childnodes
truth:  decode   timestamp

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   piercing
truth:  takes   article

test:  check that the given request is before the app engine .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  logs out user .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  callback that parsing errors a and got .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  copy a file or a folder from src to dst .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  return rate per second from ost of cur_time - last_update .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  retrieve and assign a list of roles from a given project .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  gets   serves
truth:  gets   roles

test:  reorder spatial ith order statistic vander .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  process the image and run the load the given image .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   forwards
truth:  process   image

test:  returns url string consisting of the scheme .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  use the no-op to connect to the given url .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   d

test:  returns the set of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   debugging
truth:  returns   dataset

test:  helper method to lookup all of the command .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  lookup   authorizes
truth:  lookup   command

test:  mdadm provides raid functions that rbac is on linux .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  provides   constrained
truth:  provides   functions

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  creates an absolute request for the given name .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  publish the queryset .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  delete an explicit group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims from a ruby or the system .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  simple utility to take the arguments and start a list of shapes .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns all modules in the parent directories .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  returns a list of role objects from a given permission .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  returns   serves
truth:  returns   roles

test:  returns a list of releases .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   instanticates
truth:  return   releases

test:  return lvm version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  user tries to get summary step without shipping - if is redirected to summary step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   import
truth:  tries   summary

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  call   tell
truth:  call   signature

test:  find the label image label image through a boundaries image .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  generate random fastq to .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  makes   labeled
truth:  makes   file

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  update the email address in basket unsubscribe the basket status .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  update   lits
truth:  update   basket

test:  return a list of unique elements of 0 .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  transform an xri to an xri object .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  return true if w is a given weight .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the string and the value of the variable from the wrapped string .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  document   pulls
truth:  document   null

test:  notify a list_user_unsubscribed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   rescales
truth:  notify   event

test:  gets all supported locales for a language file .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  load   changes
truth:  load   languages

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  chooses option within an option .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  selects   uncheck
truth:  selects   element

test:  import *package_name* .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  import   transliterate
truth:  import   variable

test:  create a single histogram containing the longest qubits .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  return the degree list of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  get information about the marathon options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  check that the object correctly accepts the same .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  set content for the content type .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  stores   darken
truth:  stores   piece

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   del
truth:  feed   gcode

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  reindex balance of a series into a single range of data in a dataframe .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  correlation   pandas
truth:  correlation   columns

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   unshares
truth:  compute   density

test:  remove a job from the specified job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   uploading
truth:  remove   job

test:  retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   stands
truth:  retrieves   rights

test:  load parameters from file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  loads   exposes
truth:  loads   values

test:  decorator for methods that are a function argument .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  test if cache is deactivated in private-browsing mode .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  insert   eliminating
truth:  insert   cache

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the next datapoint in cumulative hour .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  read unsigned 32-bit integer from a twos complement .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  creates a new paste contents .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  creates   orphaned
truth:  creates   paste

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  dump a debugging message .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  add there for all the register handlers .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  registers   advised
truth:  registers   commands

test:  publish the liveaction into an actionexecution compatible dict .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  marks   pinned_array
truth:  marks   execution

test:  returns true if the user is masquerading to view the course for the course given by course_key .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  extracts an error message from an http response .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  creates   shed
truth:  creates   exception

test:  display a list about a new workbook .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  displays   knapsack
truth:  displays   request

test:  takes a list of int arguments and return the string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  list all the columns that are available .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  set the channel for the topic .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   blend
truth:  set   mask

test:  use this e .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  checks   indicating
truth:  checks   images

test:  release media descriptors user_data .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   establishes
truth:  release   streams

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  test help command for pip .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  helper to make an image on windows .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  create   stderr
truth:  create   machine

test:  wait to see see insert .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  wait   flattens
truth:  wait   output

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  restart the windows service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  try to dbfield .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  try   compress
truth:  try   db

test:  email if the password calendar calendar .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  attempts   terminate
truth:  attempts   password

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  return the time of a sequence of items in a sequence .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  detects   stream
truth:  detects   returns

test:  add a cage .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  enable the tab completion command and add them to the available command .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  enables   gzipped
truth:  enables   completion

test:  check whether a finder resource is in a finder .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  returns   unlocking
truth:  returns   source

test:  convert a line size into a cluster size .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   analyzes
truth:  extract   size

test:  check that we can fit a single returns a 2d returns the 2d returns a 2d or set of returns a single category that is selected .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  check   fileformat
truth:  check   self

test:  compute logspace xmin at a given vector .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  reverse function to safecharencode .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  base : testlist_multi comma | testlist_multi .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  get the chunk of a code from a pdherr .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  return the hash for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   contrasts
truth:  return   digest

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  update the model if event_id is set .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   pushing
truth:  updates   model

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  check that the dataset of a dataset is purge .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  purge   debugging
truth:  purge   dataset

test:  extracts the code from function name .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  check for password in input password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  set a value for an option .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  was   cause
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  helper to format the comments/list object to a list of credentials .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  helper function to register a salt user from salt .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  redirect   assign
truth:  redirect   requests

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob id to match against the minion id to match against against the target id .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on a densedesignmatrix image .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of sentences to socket .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  given   authorizes
truth:  given   command

test:  a python repr for a given payload .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a variation .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  activity hours controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  interpret a string as a rendered template with context .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  shortcut   storing
truth:  shortcut   template

test:  get the version string for the given version of the impl .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  return a data object of the current .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  create an error error code based on the python code and the appropriate error code .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  creates a cache parser to set the accepted option .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  generate the ims object for variation .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  wrap a function or method with a class .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  this takes a list of tuples and turns it into an index document and returns the type value for debugger .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  convert relative luminance to coloring types .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return a resourcereference string .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  convert epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  statement : integer | list newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  string = int2ap return num converted to a string containing the special encoding .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert a string argument to a bool string .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  same as a is a is a is a is b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  add v2 v2 url to the api .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  function   compose
truth:  function   usage

test:  read ctc file at path given a bad tag and return bad tree .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  implements the operations .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based in the log space of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  interpolates   exposes
truth:  interpolates   values

test:  compile the dictionary to determine the dictionary .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  compile   allocate
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   dtype
truth:  adds   arg

test:  return the values of the named configuration .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  create a projection directory .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  sets   crop
truth:  sets   directory

test:  project users form view and form view .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   generate
truth:  project   users

test:  emits a setting changed event for the given event .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  returns a s3 field name for the s3 label int .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  default   centers
truth:  default   labels

test:  make a minimal minimal column .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  data:  .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  the master function to copy a file from stdin .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  negates a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  performs   highlight
truth:  performs   row

test:  show a list of the mail ui .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  like   enters
truth:  like   bucket

test:  the service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  all extra plugins that are referenced in a dictionary .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  pads   specifies
truth:  pads   methods

test:  scan a scan of tasks .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  retrieve   decorating
truth:  retrieve   log

test:  add a file or a filename to the final directory .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate the number of calc padding .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   visit
truth:  returns   padding

test:  create a guess instance from the most common numeral .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  tries   flattening
truth:  tries   field

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  convert present .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  presents   allocate
truth:  presents   user

test:  crop width -- kitti the 2-d image offset .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  crops   forwards
truth:  crops   image

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  trigger configuration .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  prepare trans state to a new tar file for the given pillar .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepares   denotes
truth:  prepares   tarball

test:  set a service in down state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   preloading
truth:  set   host

test:  get all non-deleted types .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  yields   chisquare
truth:  yields   tuples

test:  sets x to remove a mine .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check and parse the config file and return the data .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  load   deflate
truth:  load   config

test:  returns lags with this sum parameters limits : array the given sum object to factor limits .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  function   landing
truth:  function   sum

test:  return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  converts a string with unicode string .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  a network with a network using a specified double data .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  is   sparks
truth:  is   number

test:  returns a random string of length ts_length .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  convert   importing
truth:  convert   pem

test:  split module into a list of positional and return the dict of module names .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  create   crack
truth:  create   _

test:  take a continuous subsequence of terms in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   persists
truth:  take   subsequence

test:  annoy down before comments .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   expired
truth:  retain   spacing

test:  returns a list of tokens that are in a hadoop list .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  turn   aliased
truth:  turn   json

test:  set the ntpd of mininet on a mininet machine .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  a convenience function to label .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  takes   export
truth:  takes   tuple

test:  split points into list of length size and return them .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  remove the service .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  run a command .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  returns   modifies
truth:  returns   cmd

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   serializing
truth:  determines   setting

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  yields all testsuites .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  return subgraph communicability for each node of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  add a default object to the database .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return the test data wait_for_timeout from the given image .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  from bug 6 .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  issue   wrapping
truth:  issue   handle

test:  show all games in the list of active games .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get the version string of the project .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a python identifier .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  rebuild   eliminating
truth:  rebuild   cache

test:  returns the leftmost html of the given node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  get for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   forgot
truth:  get   project

test:  this is the correct area of the curve to prevent the row_limit of url: object .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  create and return a file in a directory .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  load   expected
truth:  load   stack

test:  validate a series of second-order structuring element from a series of second-order filter that represents a single transfer function with the step .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  extracts extracts from source_module .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  functional test validating issue fall .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a city constructed from the data for a given ip address .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the user id of the current instance .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  a sequence of the first kind of seq .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  run an entry under the cache and cache the results in a given point .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  return the real result from a dictionary .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  return the effective debug level .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  is   port
truth:  is   helper

test:  helper function to connect to an address and request .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get list of pipeline .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  gets   review
truth:  gets   keys

test:  returns all possible that in a structure .
truth: s: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  wait for the cluster to delete a cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  return information on the moose configuration cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  parse in the mailentry from the xml definition .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  same as a != b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  adjacency content in a depth-first-search source .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  maps   building
truth:  maps   tag

test:  create the gzip file from the specified path .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost is absent name of the virtual host to remove the policy to run the policy to run the virtual host .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   holding
truth:  ensure   policy

test:  cubic answer spline spline .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  compute   rescanning
truth:  compute   weights

test:  list all the kb groups in a kb .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get a list of physical unit for the provided unit type .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  given   throttle
truth:  given   unit

test:  open and click the contents of the url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  return a list of ips of the nameservers for domain if resolve is false .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  get the runtime-specific file with values from the file at the given string .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns a carrier number for a preferred carrier carrier .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  converts an strings into a string .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  turn   hop
truth:  turn   newlines

test:  set the routes settings for the given addons and internal configurations .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  initialize   solve
truth:  initialize   settings

test:  we only ever the lines from the header .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  get   stubbed
truth:  get   headers

test:  validate that the value of confvar is an existent thrift .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   published
truth:  validate   thrift

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  the path is a valid datastore key .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check whether fast is a fast .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  returns   res
truth:  returns   success

test:  turn a transformation to an equal equation .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  check   clustered
truth:  check   equations

test:  test that expired starts with empty strings must be ignored .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  creates   gauss
truth:  creates   strings

test:  the purpose of repr .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get the matrix to use from the interactive service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  retrieves all groups in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  computes list of the elements of params .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  weighted   populates
truth:  weighted   params

test:  get container diffs container container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  port   tile
truth:  port   information

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  returns the maximum of an array or the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   echo
truth:  returns   minimum

test:  struct_declaration_list : id .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a #rrggbb string into hex bytes .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flip the tree with the given node .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  flips   configured
truth:  flips   tree

test:  mean absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  mean   reported
truth:  mean   function

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  the django server fails if the django server is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  this method is registered as ofp_error_code_to_str method into ryu .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given a map from a list of certificates .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  merge   presents
truth:  merge   mapping

test:  back a few compatible database for a given database .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  let   allocate
truth:  let   user

test:  create a proxy for an interface which makes a method of the interface .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  test whether two open file filename reference the same file .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a list of all the networks tag .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   preprocess
truth:  get   networks

test:  find the corresponding line corresponding to the given template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  create new options .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  return   signs
truth:  return   display

test:  ensure that a resource is created .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  calculates packets at layer 3 and receive them .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  calculates   brings
truth:  calculates   checksum

test:  test projection sensor positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  validate an xml string .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  check   simulating
truth:  check   input

test:  returns the parameters reference for a reference string ref .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  return the induced induced by the graph g .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  fast two bank .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  parse the content as returned by the url .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  parses   trivial
truth:  parses   connection

test:  format the file subscription on a node .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  format   rescales
truth:  format   event

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  restore a trashed plot from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  test installing current directory ( .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  test   crop
truth:  test   directory

test:  return a list of sorted strings .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  generates   asserts
truth:  generates   diff

test:  return a list of running running running services cli example: .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  lists   paste
truth:  lists   containers

test:  create an language by the enable enable dark .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  enable   pending
truth:  enable   default

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  decorator to cause a function to cache its type .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  return the line number of the source node that have line been read .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   rfc
truth:  formats   distance

test:  determine a list of label values .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  find a given path in the given path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  update the data for a container .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the meta in the console .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  pulls   escaping
truth:  pulls   doctype

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  set url remote url .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  set   access
truth:  set   url

test:  show a 303 .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  redirect   prioritized
truth:  redirect   messages

test:  return xattr_where_from information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  clone the build .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  generate a sample of final epsilon of final epsilon .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  sample   bench
truth:  sample   value

test:  check that a bucket name is a valid s3 bucket name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  validates   stores
truth:  validates   name

test:  build a string representing a keys path .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   plucks
truth:  launch   window

test:  compute polynomial cofactors in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   compounded
truth:  compute   gcd

test:  returns the privilege that the user belongs to the channel channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  gives   coil
truth:  gives   ability

test:  get the get_conf() .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this is a decorate to be used as simplified_pairs .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  add   doing
truth:  add   annotations

test:  given a sequence of paths .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  progressively - construct an json string with a python object .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  pulls   limit
truth:  pulls   decode

test:  shrink function onto tensor .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  return the cart cart cart .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  tests that the random numbers are consistent .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  runs   flag
truth:  runs   sanity

test:  flatten a list .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   switch
truth:  flatten   list

test:  make a stream or text on a buffer .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  creates a new server instance .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   offset
truth:  initialize   parameters

test:  setup the pound component .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test either if an error is raised while a wrong type of fit is given .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  finder can accept a incorrect case file with workpath .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  get all enabled client generated by the master header .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  freeze   define
truth:  freeze   path

test:  returns a list of top top rated and ratings as a list of top services .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  issue url: with a base that the given points .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  sets the meta of the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   clearing
truth:  set   meta

test:  principal principal .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  pulls   beautifies
truth:  pulls   contrast

test:  loads api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   listen
truth:  loads   key

test:  restore a config file by a correct name .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  are   augments
truth:  are   issues

test:  add tags to a resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   unpause
truth:  add   elasticache

test:  load iso8601 file into something .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  file   decorated
truth:  file   mime

test:  internal helper function for extra requirement .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  determine if a hash fields exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  for objects that are shared in the table .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  parses a named expression group .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   drops
truth:  parses   call

test:  this returns an existing sequential for all the image which have been generated in the database because we have fun courses .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  converts urls into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  test the rrc822 .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  generates a random string of random bytes .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  escape invalid characters .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  authentication complete view .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  complete   prettify
truth:  complete   process

test:  send packets at layer 3 return only the first answer function of bpf filters to packets of bpf filters different at layer 3 .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  indent an image by scaling it has binary newline .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  subtracts   forwards
truth:  subtracts   image

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  create an organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  single category view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the named vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  remove   hostname
truth:  remove   vm

test:  returns a 3-tuple: .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   clones
truth:  create   server

test:  parses the datastore path and creates a datastore path .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  rindex -> string return true if the string s is true .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  submit and save the row .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  fixture which provides a root xml xml file .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  xml   carry
truth:  xml   test

test:  expect an input dictionary by name or list of dictionaries .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  keep   mounts
truth:  keep   objects

test:  return an element with highest func score; tie goes to first one .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  creates an absolute reverse for a url .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  display all repository sources from the repository .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  enable   integrityerror
truth:  enable   repositories

test:  display the login form .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  writes   access
truth:  writes   url

test:  compute the parser of xs and ps for a sequence of xs .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   intrepret
truth:  plots   pdf

test:  hac hac robust covariance matrix assumes we have a groupsum of time series with consecutive .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  records sql queries from the postgres postgres .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  update   responds
truth:  update   database

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  convert a string to a list .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  shareid_list list .
truth: path  . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  register a new user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  register   allocate
truth:  register   user

test:  puts() shouldnt output with unicode values .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transform a unified command to show up from the given command .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx may be docstring .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   unlocking
truth:  tokenize   source

test:  gets node registration was registered from .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   complete
truth:  gets   registration

test:  replace expressions .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  try   put
truth:  try   rules

test:  checks if the database is not a atis table .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  remove   duplicates
truth:  remove   symbol

test:  calculates a 1d array of the standard error of nodes based on ols .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  use the show tweetids to convert a string that represents a env format to a file .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  generate a tar file for a tar containing the manifest .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  generate   cook
truth:  generate   ball

test:  disable an apache site .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   handles
truth:  disable   site

test:  get the layer thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  yaml: addition .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  resolve   teardown
truth:  resolve   type

test:  replaces every node with the desired href .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   saves
truth:  replace   links

test:  escapes a uri for use in a url .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  serialize   access
truth:  serialize   url

test:  unpack zip filename to zipfile raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  construct the user version string to the platform-relevant manager environment .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  test to ensure that the type correctly allows a type to be a type .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  the utility to invoke a decorator for a step .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  create a test based on the given parent url .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  this method is used by the histogram histogram to initialize the analysis all the drives from the test .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  called   labeled
truth:  called   file

test:  exemplify repr .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  serializes   pulls
truth:  serializes   null

test:  install a gravatar email for specified flags .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  parse the command line parameters .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  sets the default ruby or sets a default ruby the default ruby for which to set the default ruby the default ruby to set as the default ruby as the
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   disconnected
truth:  set   ruby

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  append rules to the response .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  execute   unescapes
truth:  execute   rule

test:  verify that the test is running .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  tests the in-db setting for a field of the field do not sleep examples: .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  returns a string or as a string .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  download a kernel from a string .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns whether a request is logged in the current request .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  check   knapsack
truth:  check   request

test:  return a current family families of a specified current user .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  find the virtual server to use .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  testing   belong
truth:  testing   hook

test:  returns the mpd interpolation .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  return   facebook
truth:  return   pairwise

test:  save column order on new order in set of columns .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  set   pandas
truth:  set   columns

test:  test dipole dipole dipole .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  test %%prun of ipython dependent functions .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  list a salt pool cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator for notify transform function which will trigger a function as a function to be called in the given infer namespace .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  given   duplicated
truth:  given   inference

test:  check for azure configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   support
truth:  plot   time

test:  convert the ground domain of f from sympy to sympy .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   union
truth:  convert   domain

test:  split a path into components in a platform-neutral way .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  check for group methods as per branches or branches .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  ensure   decide
truth:  ensure   groups

test:  checks all of the exam which a user has an entrance exam type .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   disconnect
truth:  pulls   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  match   assign
truth:  match   requests

test:  validates that value is an instance of basestring or none .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   statsd
truth:  validates   timeout

test:  makes a string to a binary string .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return a list of all ''pad functions .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  separate the remaining code and creates a new docstring for the file or zip blocks .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  return the cache object for function key and cache it .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  tries to check if all the v1 are unique .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  tries   exposes
truth:  tries   values

test:  this function takes an array-like and yields all single item in the string that shape: by the values in the string .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  tries to remove all of a set of reorient .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  check if all valid service is valid .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  returns   grep
truth:  returns   formset

test:  writes queryresult to disk .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one valid xml .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  make sure hosts defined in env .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  seq1 and seq2 are either a sequence or numerix arrays or numerix .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  solves 1st order order order order order differential equation with 1st coefficients using the frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  returns   decrypt
truth:  returns   solution

test:  return a vlan to network domain object asking ansi or vlan .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return the text of a process tag .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read crop data from file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   header
truth:  read   crop

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  return the list of plugin extensions inside the directory: plugin .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  efficiently compute vertex neighboring triangles .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  pulls   print
truth:  pulls   approximation

test:  parses a strong value .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  load a file or string .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   reverses
truth:  iterate   services

test:  create and return a list of hosts .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   fortran
truth:  create   resolver

test:  read url and return the content as json string .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  reads   aliased
truth:  reads   json

test:  configure a celery celery application .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  configures   mutes
truth:  configures   app

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  get the directory to use .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  test that signature is a column .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  validates the value of a given field in milliseconds .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validates   choice
truth:  validates   formats

test:  compute the generalized cosine function .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  generates   support
truth:  generates   time

test:  returns a viewpoint which has not been resolved within the dictionary .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  callback to delete a container .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  add a song song .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   remove
truth:  add   history

test:  convert a tuple into a tuple with randomly generated by adding non-breaking ranges .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  return a db cursor .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   incorporate
truth:  return   cursor

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning and we add a scalar .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  set up the used to process cfgred .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  calls   storing
truth:  calls   template

test:  returns the authorized activity references for the given featured reference .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  enables the requested stub function for a function .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   reported
truth:  attribute   function

test:  connect to s3 and cache buckets the file or humans and cache the file has been expired .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  connect   starred
truth:  connect   s3

test:  read a logical column with unbounded columns and put them to a lower column .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  module   retrive
truth:  module   checks

test:  replaces union all http requests with a given hash of the given headers .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  append   assume
truth:  append   header

test:  build a new uname application .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find a newline counter for each line .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  converts a string to a time object .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  return x minus the mean(x) .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  return the disjoint graph for directed graph .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if a cert generation is enabled for a course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  check   control
truth:  check   generation

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   dispatch
truth:  multiply   operators

test:  simply decodes query with the following query .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  pulls   exempts
truth:  pulls   pseudo

test:  compute the table attribute given the passed in the dict .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  computes   support
truth:  computes   time

test:  imports a finder function by name .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  removes all users from the network device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   freezing
truth:  removes   configuration

test:  capitalize matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  capitalize   supports
truth:  capitalize   text

test:  compute the retrieve .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  url decode url-encoded string .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  returns the computers name of the specified tree .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  store configuration file options from config file for the value .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  copies   cause
truth:  copies   option

test:  makes a list of blkid devices .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  enable maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  disable   created
truth:  disable   mode

test:  verify if the app is signed by the certificate signature .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  checks   restoring
truth:  checks   data

test:  return the url to the bootstrap theme if it isnt one .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  write a trees in newick format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  tests whether a number is title:message in a string of bytes .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  find the first entry in a given line .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  set the local number of begin to the offset .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   describes
truth:  set   offset

test:  convert an rgba string to hex .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  returns the path to a package or cwd if an executable is not a absolute path .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get files in the directory the directory the file is in if directory setting is true .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  check that the windows runner are fix and creates a trailing refcounts folders based on the windows runner .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  run   flask
truth:  run   times

test:  run a requests request to the given urls against the configured multithread .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  request   tracks
truth:  request   urls

test:  check stabilization against the indices with pca on those value .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  run a module and return the proxied module .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  check for warnings of decoding .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns the full path of a user containing the request .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   jitter
truth:  ensure   guest

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  provide   enhance
truth:  provide   items

test:  get a unique key string for a given request .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  get the integer value commented .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  handle pth-percentile theano apply_matrix_pt(m .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   dst
truth:  given   c

test:  returns name .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  set movie title title title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  transforms aggregator with some columns to auto by taking or 0 .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  ensure that a named service is not enabled .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  set up the average average to slave nodes .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  get the kvm arch architecture .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  return a list of distributions for which are installed .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  get   scours
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   splitting
truth:  chop   surface

test:  generate a list of items of the given request .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  retrieve   consisting
truth:  retrieve   link

test:  track states and offer events for cover service .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   fitnesse
truth:  track   events

test:  extracts the token from an http response body and returns the response from http response .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a small bfs of the graph g in the graph g .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  produce   descend
truth:  produce   edges

test:  produce the heap of a number .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  helper to convert an argument to a string .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  gets   constrain
truth:  gets   attribute

test:  if random variable is enabled .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  echo   separates
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features from a file and return as a dictionary .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   caused
truth:  read   return

test:  splits a sequence into chunks of the same length seq .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  empty   switch
truth:  empty   list

test:  recursively flush the list from asp and flush them .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  flush   scaled
truth:  flush   queue

test:  concatenate a sequence of summary rule .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  separate   import
truth:  separate   summary

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   tear
truth:  runs   module

test:  calculates the harmonic mean of a matrix .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  main entry point for ansible module execution .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  check if specified port is a port .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   requeues
truth:  get   sms

test:  given a url .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  add   spyders
truth:  add   scheme

test:  a decorator that asserts that the only replies is called .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  fake   map
truth:  fake   implementation

test:  refresh the entropy of a given qk .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  calculate   feed
truth:  calculate   entropy

test:  retrieve the hyperbolic preferred encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  return the nth standardized moment of the probability distribution .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   record
truth:  pulls   deviation

test:  see pull request .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  view   intialize
truth:  view   root

test:  returns: list of names of key flags .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  returns the length of the text marquee contains the regex at least one cell .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  change the users room number cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  transform a lowpass filter prototype to a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   hits
truth:  transform   filter

test:  calculates the spearmans graph the appropriate magnitude from the given list fit and 2 .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculates   repairs
truth:  calculates   correlation

test:  run a function with a given network .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return a path to the package paths of the dataset .
truth: given a package . 
test:  given   downloading
truth:  given   package

test:  returns the placementgroup for the managed cloud automation configuration .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a codec to a number of gpus .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  input   restart
truth:  input   account

test:  helper to catch and :func:uri_for .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  try to get an appropriate geocode .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   shared
truth:  issue   string

test:  gets the url avatar .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  a set of the room status for a request that the user will login in the context indexation to generate from different status .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  import module in all module .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  try   tear
truth:  try   module

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   define
truth:  set   path

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  test that passing from node to its expected or  .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  tests   reported
truth:  tests   function

test:  fixture that yields a test .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  provides   stays
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  download an s3 object from a s3 location .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  initialize grains from pillar .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  execute   xml
truth:  execute   runtime

test:  convert file path to file system path .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   updates
truth:  runs   wsgi

test:  compute f**n in gf(p)[x] using repeated squaring .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   algorithm
truth:  rotate   points

test:  returns a list of table strings for an existing one .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  show the version of the currently openerp devices .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  use   objects
truth:  use   show

test:  decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  return the first value in expr with array wrt the search array .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  a decorator that ignores functions stored in django .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  moment conditions for continuous variables parameters using method of moments .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  get the network interfaces on list of interfaces that are the network interfaces from net .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  returns true if the given value is a wrapper around a and b .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   optdict
truth:  clears   lines

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a list of path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  get the server status .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the multinomial hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller - used for map popups @deprecated - people now use base location pr_person .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  requests   switch
truth:  requests   list

test:  removes the single transaction from the provided web .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  c^2 3 not in the current request .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  ensure the zmq curve is set .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  bundled   trim
truth:  bundled   support

test:  if they have a file or serve files .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  is   sleep
truth:  is   files

test:  watch a user .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  post   unsets
truth:  post   watch

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  checks   responds
truth:  checks   database

test:  show all the rows for a particular user .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  render   restoring
truth:  render   data

test:  compute a deprecated control function from forward data .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  adds a function to a custom func .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   attacked
truth:  add   stats

test:  get the iso8601 datetime .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  deletes a pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  check if a container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic derivative of the matrix .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  return x .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  teardown the container .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   satisfy
truth:  teardown   container

test:  parse python interpreter file into the directory of python .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  check that the meg type correctly converts the type of meg type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  ensure   teardown
truth:  ensure   type

test:  attempt to find a binary string in the dask safe manner .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove all flocker nodes from a list .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  given a memcache .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  add the *figure* header line in a sff file .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  converts an integer to a tuple of integers .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  check and set the hashdb of the request thread .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return last error or none if there is no error or an error occurred .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dump a private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   listen
truth:  dump   key

test:  insert zero or more dask .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test updating the effect calculation and comparing them to .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  copy list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes a mount .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  deletes   coupling
truth:  deletes   target

test:  check all groups .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  verifies   decide
truth:  verifies   groups

test:  parse the addon contents of a dataset .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  return a list of all files on the symlink server in a specified environment .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  represent an s3 url .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  make   tracks
truth:  make   urls

test:  converts an image into a dumb image and all features .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  compute   forwards
truth:  compute   image

test:  exeggcutess icon with unfulfilled networks .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  pulls   resizes
truth:  pulls   icon

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  generator function used to call a single wsgi server .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  return the python mr of the python name at offset return a tuple .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  merge two results of properties from a dict .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   understemmed
truth:  merge   results

test:  sets mysql collation for column mode .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  add slab .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  returns true if the element exists on the page of the page .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  builds validation dict .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  check whether policy is using policy .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  look   enabled
truth:  look   nova

test:  return the configuration backend that are not configured .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  compute the solve from the b scratch space .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  return hex encoded in string .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  return   outline
truth:  return   hex

test:  searching for lines used to speed up the integer flag .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  update container metadata .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  make sure that reports errors to stderr .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  decode string encoded in rfc 2231 .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decode   decomposes
truth:  decode   rfc

test:  list all repositories of the sections from the ui .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  a view decorator that maps a project deletion to a project .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled by course_key .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  check if the current request has access to the given function .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  show all tenant status cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  get   append
truth:  get   tenant

test:  match a batch with a variable in the make .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  prepend   releases
truth:  prepend   axis

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  read a preprocessed encoded string into a list of the cluster strings .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  get raw data .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  test if the given response is a response .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  itemtype add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   connect
truth:  decodes   entities

test:  assert that some abstract item in cov are equal .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  quotes the " and replace it with escaped and characters that are escaped in a quoted .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  pulls   learn
truth:  pulls   quotes

test:  the namespace doesnt exist in a namespace or return the given namespace .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  extract selected extracted from given comment .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   derive
truth:  extract   templates

test:  test to make sure that the html writer will not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  test truncate with a not equal .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sets the result .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  setting   forms
truth:  setting   result

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   based
truth:  expand   address

test:  sync customizations apps from all apps .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   were
truth:  sync   property

test:  gets an account by name or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  retrieves   restart
truth:  retrieves   account

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  find   named
truth:  find   z

test:  given a utf8 message string .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  given   remounts
truth:  given   obj

test:  return the process index .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  format   throw
truth:  format   x

test:  test that the base message works correctly .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  test   install
truth:  test   response

test:  add or upgrade feedback .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  register pseudo module for all of the given module that should be cached to the base table .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   tear
truth:  add   module

test:  test writes the htmls report to depend on htmls report .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   serialize
truth:  test   str

test:  decrypt a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  decrypts   hover
truth:  decrypts   bytes

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   reported
truth:  mask   function

test:  convert an image to a filesystem .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  take care in a repository and return it as it .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  prints the debug message immediately .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  needed   pulls
truth:  needed   null

test:  redirects request handling to the appropriate url .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  issue   asserting
truth:  issue   redirect

test:  reads in which packages are currently installed .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   interpolated
truth:  returns   plugins

test:  extends virt product .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  increase   analyzes
truth:  increase   size

test:  render a mako template .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  return a stringified dump from dictionary .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  dumps   talking
truth:  dumps   dict

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  decorator that checks the cupy result is equal .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  pulls   understemmed
truth:  pulls   results

test:  check if a site is valid .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  update   bench
truth:  update   value

test:  convenience function to create a low-level client .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  return an messages for the given module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  returns the next item from the default call to not read only vulnerabilities .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   pulls
truth:  disallow   null

test:  checks the string contained in input .
truth: if possible . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  slugify the given expression string by replacing some time .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  converts   rules
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  generate an empty string for use as a sequence of pairs .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  retry the decorated function of the last decorated backoff .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  executes   overlay
truth:  executes   func

test:  returns the product of the product .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  convert set like string into an iterable .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual dvs associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get an int .
truth: get the int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  return the list of active network size within a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  parse a date strings and return a utc datetime object .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  fetches feedback form context for the current request .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  truncates   gauss
truth:  truncates   strings

test:  use a simple callback to check that a set of polynomials in the database is a subset of exactly .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  find the identity pool queryset .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns the number from a rounded to the right .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  round   located
truth:  round   method

test:  parse a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the response data for both the login and refresh views .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  decorator that automatically two images .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   indicating
truth:  compare   images

test:  given a flavor policy .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  extract   forwards
truth:  extract   image

test:  return true if the named upstart is disabled in files .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  are   iterates
truth:  are   comment

test:  remove an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  list package installed packages .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   hides
truth:  makes   pointer

test:  get all the three methods in the worker except that are in descending .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  convert pdf image to png the png output .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  mark the value as safe for lists that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  generate circle circle percentage of size .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  helper function .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  removes   uncheck
truth:  removes   element

test:  parse a file and write the output to the file in the given document .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  process   pass
truth:  process   document

test:  get the arounds .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  make a new frequency options .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  context manager to temporarily create a module while checking that these are stored in a given module .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  place   mounts
truth:  place   objects

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to preserve order of the original list .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the size in the current linux system .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  attempt   newlines
truth:  attempt   dimensions

test:  return the time the cpu cpus .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  build the scripts directory where a given files are located .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yaml: sitemonitor execute a build after code or execute a build process .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  delete specific key from api to ensure that it is not deleted .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  converts a dictionary of dictionaries to a 2d numpy query string .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  returns   polling
truth:  returns   webob

test:  resource header for component views .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  header   enhance
truth:  header   items

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  example test that the specified path example was a unified build file .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  display the login form and handles the login action .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a single medline ip address and return a list of all the month names .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  rotate one or more lines in the given command line .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   drill
truth:  execute   run

test:  makes a line of xs with a matplotlib plot .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   forwards
truth:  crop   image

test:  lists all available locales cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  import a module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  create a field for the given model type .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  least common multiple between 2 integers .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  pulls   assert
truth:  pulls   multiple

test:  get an instance of the vlan with the vlan or initializing .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  find the first search in seq that are in python .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  for querying files from file .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  download   daemonize
truth:  download   memcache

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   clip
truth:  create   record

test:  checks that module is not a valid module .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  helper to return a single channel when a string is a single whole events .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute the person tag for a tag .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  upload files to a remote host via s6 .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  takes a single json player entry and converts it to its categories .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  parses   compiling
truth:  parses   home

test:  calculates the hex digits of a series parameters digits : series or series returns r : series in the series .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  create a list from multiple tuples in a set of multiple values .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  returns a rotation function at x .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  maximum absolute positive .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   saving
truth:  parse   feature

test:  find the search rank of a given search and a given search .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  produce a capabilities string from a given string .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  creates a new dict of css dependencies and associated with the new version .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  pulls   blocking
truth:  pulls   outputs

test:  start : start .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  start   dst
truth:  start   c

test:  main must be the channel must disable the selected channel to the selected must be stored in the channel - orequal .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  use   multiply
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list by configured best locations .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  choose   forwards
truth:  choose   image

test:  check levi-civita against selenium .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  pulls   empty
truth:  pulls   attempts

test:  adds some forms to the docstring .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  create a volume from a dictionary .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return an iterator over all items of a dict .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  returns the value of the given json string .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  scans all rmdir .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  escape any lists in iterable .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set the element attribute to the list table .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  disable   tear
truth:  disable   module

test:  return the user count .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  check that fqdn .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  get the fully sysctl key .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   format
truth:  get   parameter

test:  returns a replacement from a replacement sample array with k values .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  choose   parameterize
truth:  choose   integers

test:  if the due date extension override is valid on a particular unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  sets   attempt
truth:  sets   extension

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a set of images .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  test rocaucchannel .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  test io for mrk files .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  given a string that represents a list of input values .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  pulls   cleaned
truth:  pulls   configurations

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the discussions for a given view_types and then return it .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  update an existing user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   restart
truth:  update   account

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  square test of a csc/csr matrix .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  since this inserting again will not cause the database .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  inserting   pulls
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a local banner .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  create   generating
truth:  create   shell

test:  adds a constraint if the original sum is in the ndarray .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  create a volume group .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  implement alternative to kim fitness .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  pulls   leaving
truth:  pulls   cython

test:  compute quorum hash of degree n from radians .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  disable the named sysv service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  return data for bookmark of a user .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   referenced
truth:  return   bookmark

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  registers a new user .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   publish
truth:  output   graph

test:  verify the protocol iterates to the desired repository that has the received dependencies for the given repository .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  ensure   contained
truth:  ensure   snapshots

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  assert signal a signal handler is saved when the signal handler is complete .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  send tasks .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  check whether the given node is in a special context .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   aligns
truth:  update   volume

test:  returns a float .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  get the areal range from the global tables .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  assumes that the given date and update the last in-process executable .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a simple rule that implements the attribute easier .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  convert to ansistring .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  used   forbid
truth:  used   options

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  test a pb result with the _ common get a small key .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get region code based on current request and configuration .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   drops
truth:  make   call

test:  return list of active user ids .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a rdbms class for a given engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  get a list of tagged files from identical output .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  convert obj to an object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  returns the map of two values of each other examples .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  load extensions from file .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  loads   optparse
truth:  loads   extensions

test:  to parse the current times or text .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  converts   labeled
truth:  converts   file

test:  register a line containing .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  create a mime-type string with the given python path .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  handle   knapsack
truth:  handle   request

test:  get extra sync sync sync keys from a file in the given dict .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  fetch the gravatar email for a gravatar .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  returns   coefficients
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  returns the harmonic mean of an array .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  revoke the cached challenge .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  revoke   assure
truth:  revoke   challenge

test:  standard log .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  fixture for all redis cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns the size of a binary size .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  turns   combined
truth:  turns   ipv4

test:  decorate a function or lock with function lock .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the rendered index page .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  run untranslated .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  get   stretch
truth:  get   language

test:  compute the matrix exponential using taylor series .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   sort
truth:  compute   exponential

test:  create a fake team .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  returns the plugin description .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  same as a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  true if the class is an abstract class .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   downgrades
truth:  point   point

test:  helper function to trims all the paths to the same paths .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  validates the tool of a after each settings has the same name in the tool shed or invalid validators .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  validates   solve
truth:  validates   settings

test:  creates an authsubtoken and sets the token value for use in a url .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  finds   shared
truth:  finds   string

test:  generate a test case with pivot .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts text into native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  takes   restoring
truth:  takes   data

test:  initialize the random seeds .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  return dict of kinds keys for kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  pulls   rising
truth:  pulls   group

test:  return mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  return the value of the appropriate connection list for the provided subnet list .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return random string of random bytes .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  return the best services that are sorted by the first preferred services .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the circle nodes from circle nodes .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  anybut(s) is an re which matches any character which is not in the string |s| .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  escapes a string for safe http exception .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  check that the currently logged-in user has necessary permissions on the given rule .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  delete pep readable by avoid mounted on this system .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  turns a dictionary into a list of two-tuples .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  user list page pages index page .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  copy files from a new archive to the destination directory .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   updating
truth:  copy   archive

test:  returns the list of all working workflows .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  write the external book to xml .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  link   labeled
truth:  link   file

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   inhibit
truth:  get   label

test:  returns all nodes based on its *name* .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  create a stateful string suitable for ctr encryption modes .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  ping urls when an entry is visible .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ping   tracks
truth:  ping   urls

test:  test installing a package with a package .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  generate a unique uuid for a filename .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  format   squeezing
truth:  format   uuid

test:  creates a direct .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 request to the google cloud provider .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the top-lebel top-lebel directory of target patterns to the given target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  determine   coupling
truth:  determine   target

test:  create the configuration for the project .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  test event with raw projection ordering .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   limiting
truth:  test   order

test:  generate tidy from base? .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  decorator defining a list of role names .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  defining   preloading
truth:  defining   host

test:  gets all virtual_interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  returns a handle to use for a page class .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  check if we can resize contained in an image .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   autoencoder
truth:  update   xml

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  set up the the sensor sensor .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  this function encodes a search algorithm when using the pbkdf2 algorithm .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  a view that checks the config file for a particular desktop .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  check   usage_key_string
truth:  check   view

test:  configure old state to required proxy process the proxy file and configure file to required changes to clean up with status .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the first kind and its derivative .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  convert a successful value to a tuple .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   throttle
truth:  convert   unit

test:  unpack a numpy matrix from bti file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   cleaning
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  convert the given data to a file .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test working copy with sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  test   disconnecting
truth:  test   sudo

test:  append the url to an url .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  appends   compiling
truth:  appends   home

test:  ajax preview of posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  pulls   turning
truth:  pulls   posts

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   spin
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  takes a dictionary with keys that converts any object to a python dictionary .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  returns the column name from a column column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  converts a multiplier to a bytes .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  construct a cache to download the cache .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  finds   define
truth:  finds   path

test:  translates url by url to the scheme .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  delete a blob from the instance .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  create a master configuration object for the specified management .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  create   freezing
truth:  create   configuration

test:  bind to the local machine .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  show the details from opennebula concerning a named vm .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  return the matrix from the clustering clustering of the matrix .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   merges
truth:  return   clustering

test:  helper function to concatenate the pseudoinverse .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  fft   pulls
truth:  fft   null

test:  dynamically load a class from a module name .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  adapted   access
truth:  adapted   url

test:  returns a new dictionary based on the curvature .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  check   document
truth:  check   brackets

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   oriented
truth:  like   meth

test:  construct binary data type for binary string .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  a simple login to .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  performs   relying
truth:  performs   login

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  send a change to the log file .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  refresh   unquoting
truth:  refresh   environment

test:  check if we have running pyinstaller .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  returns the diagonal from the flattened input array .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute the edge boundary of a directed graph .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   pack
truth:  returns   edge

test:  return true if url is running .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  check if qiime best has configuration files generated from a qiime file .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   transliterate
truth:  test   variable

test:  compute exquo and g of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  test that an error is not in a valid issue .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  pulls   look
truth:  pulls   utf-8

test:  check if worktree is installed and the system is out of worktree .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetches the content from a docker public key .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  download   listen
truth:  download   key

test:  get a list of loops note: this is inside the loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  view to allow users to be logged in the session to view page .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  convert a text into a value: .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  tries to ensure that the decorated class is an instance of the given class .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  get the leading norm of f .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  calculates   assuming
truth:  calculates   norm

test:  loglikelihood of normal loglikelihood .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  calculates   limiting
truth:  calculates   order

test:  escape datasets with a new one .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  dijkstras algorithm from pregnancy package .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  asynchronously returns a json string .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of a nbunch .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  create a tarball string to fileobj in the given path .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   denotes
truth:  create   tarball

test:  return the configs of schemas currently registered with the schemas of schemas .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  get known btrfs formatted devices on the system .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  average directional movement index rating .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  get the index of the tree with the given parent node .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  generate tests to use a test run from the command .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  get metadata from the given image name :type value: str .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all available regions for the amazon elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  update email preferences of the given recipients or the role .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  convert string containing only the first sentence and restore the level of each line .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  separate   equalize
truth:  separate   email

test:  returns a suite from a suite .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  returns the shape of a keras tensor or variable .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  general function for identical functions .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  only runs on freebsd systems with layman installed .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  module   fake
truth:  module   load

test:  microsoft %u classes .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  instantiate a lease mac address .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  called   remaining
truth:  called   lease

test:  get the file from the filename or the lowercase filename in the directory setting .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  where the hex string is in the path .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  dump   switch
truth:  dump   list

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  convert ip address to uuid .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   physicists
truth:  returns   suffix

test:  returns a dict with the current column names and runtime_hooks .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  provides   crop
truth:  provides   directory

test:  return the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   assembles
truth:  compute   coefficients

test:  given a directory path .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   enhanced
truth:  transliterate   object

test:  generate a secure path based on the given path .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  compute   shared
truth:  compute   string

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create a new theme for the given theme .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  link   profile
truth:  link   theme

test:  takes a program name and returns full path to the program at the paths of the paths of it .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  returns size in bytes .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  print   unmarshalling
truth:  print   sizes

test:  generate the current doc string .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  skew of normal loglikelihood wrt mean mu and variance sigma2 parameters data : array .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  is   signals
truth:  is   moment

test:  fixture to return a temporary file name which can be used to supply .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  converts a diagonal matrix to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  write a source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   unlocking
truth:  write   source

test:  convert a number to a hex string if it is given .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   outline
truth:  convert   hex

test:  return the first non of the given pid of the process .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  verify   explode
truth:  verify   processes

test:  convert an integer into a string of bytes .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  tickets status view .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  filtered   point
truth:  filtered   status

test:  gzip the string data into a file .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  return   removes
truth:  return   gzip

test:  render the data passing the functions and grains into the rendering system :rtype: string .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  function for 1d transformation .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the models for all models with the given models .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  works   concatenates
truth:  works   ordering

test:  create an existing retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   holding
truth:  create   policy

test:  return full pathname of installed python source files .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  convert latlon points to 16-bit utm coordinates .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  helper function to check if a whitelist is a whitelist identifier .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  check   preloading
truth:  check   host

test:  log an meeting in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   urlencode
truth:  log   item

test:  return a compiled template string rendered using the given context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  setup the email thermostat light platform .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns the last item in a given string .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   instantiate
truth:  returns   arguments

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  test rl_beginning_of_line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  close database calls .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   label
truth:  attach   custom

test:  return locale from the request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  classify sequence with length 3 into 2 classes using logistic regression with length 3 .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  apply   fonts
truth:  apply   layer

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro module is available .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  write the string to the given file .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the movie time .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  display the content of an object .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  write   compile
truth:  write   documentation

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  return a list of the keys of a ms role .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  lists   serves
truth:  lists   roles

test:  handles the default command .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  load   unlinks
truth:  load   fixture

test:  shutdown a node .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shuts   chew
truth:  shuts   service

test:  check for a date in the option named date .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   thinks
truth:  attach   issue

test:  return true if filename is a dylib .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load if the npm module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   pinned_array
truth:  load   execution

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a helper for a descriptor .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  show the rate interpolation .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  pulls   format
truth:  pulls   parameter

test:  moves widget to an existing widget .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   parsed
truth:  handle   widgets

test:  scale an image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  function_type : seen_struct = const_value | literal | const field_type identifier = const_value | const_ref .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  calls the given directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  sets the top level brands .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  pulls   pyopenssl
truth:  pulls   convenience

test:  serialize an inventory dictionary into one .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  turn   adjust
truth:  turn   inventory

test:  speed the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  prints out the stdout to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  deletes a new database .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  deletes   commit
truth:  deletes   repository

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   expose
truth:  delete   credentials

test:  convert a jar .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  kill the jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  determine if the split line is in the split line .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  encode a c name .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test project with non-prettified input .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  helper function to validate email format .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  checks   based
truth:  checks   address

test:  detect if the specified fault is otherwise return list of server cli example: .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  test   reduced
truth:  test   cli

test:  return the unicode string contained in the ccx list .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  verifies that the archive filename is not a dict .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  update volume type .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  instruct the minion to sleep service .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  displays   reloads
truth:  displays   amount

test:  cusum test objective variable with linear probability for sadly the getrsq .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  waits for user to pause .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  pauses   allocate
truth:  pauses   user

test:  gets the difference between the candidate and the current configuration .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  resets   igor
truth:  resets   device

test:  l2-inf norm .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  look up the value for an option .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  pass   cause
truth:  pass   option

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  sets options for query cred .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  adds   expose
truth:  adds   credentials

test:  coerce a numpy boolean array to a bit array .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  get the current user information .
truth: set g . 
test:  set   translated
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a running ubuntu module to be emit a cpan container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  raise an exception .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  returns the number of memory since the system .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  given an input prefix and encoding .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  replace   stores
truth:  replace   name

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   knapsack
truth:  perform   request

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  update a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  update   rising
truth:  update   group

test:  mount a location to a file .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  mount   embedded
truth:  mount   example

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  returns the thumbnail for the image .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  build the long description for a given loop .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns a dict with null regexp and urlpattern type .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  return   compress
truth:  return   db

test:  binary representation of a binary string a binary type .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  generator that reads all elements from product .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  returns the min weighted cost dominating from weight .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  generate the sample data for a file .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  upload   hostname
truth:  upload   vm

test:  returns a uniform samples that has a cycle .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  pulls   threshold
truth:  pulls   distribution

test:  serialize python data to json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  gets the release group of cover art for a release group .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  download   recommended
truth:  download   art

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  adds the value to the beginning of the given value .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  returns   parameter

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a mock socket for use in creating a given host .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tsdb command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get repository dependencies from the database .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  import module .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that the bayesian deviation works .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  make sure symbols are valid expressions .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   deployed
truth:  make   symbols

test:  generate standard kindofgarch process with innovation process parameters ar : array_like residual process : array_like .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  simulate   prettify
truth:  simulate   process

test:  remove special names with expecteds from name .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   thrusting
truth:  remove   space

test:  enroll email or students of label .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  enroll   equalize
truth:  enroll   email

test:  add some wiki forums .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  this is a helper function where the longest value is a list of the addresses given in the sequence and the other sequence are the resolved .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  returns   persists
truth:  returns   subsequence

test:  return true if the given app is in a consistent command .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  add comments in two given parent .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  update   fetches
truth:  update   parent

test:  return the total number of rss .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  get data from a fif file .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  respond to le all stations .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  return   makes
truth:  return   namespaces

test:  instructs chocolatey to install a package via installed .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  require   delay
truth:  require   conda

test:  set a locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  initializes the admin extension for the given url .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  register   reallocation
truth:  register   collection

test:  return moments using moments for qqplot .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  pulls   broadcasts
truth:  pulls   colorize

test:  fill in the given module file name matching filename .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  check   disabling
truth:  check   filenames

test:  set the current user to deal with mock users .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  checks if the address represents a valid ipv4 address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  determine   shared
truth:  determine   string

test:  creates a number of text count for each character in an html line .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  installs a ruby implementation .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  pulls   disconnected
truth:  pulls   ruby

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  validates that all systems given in one of the given data .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  pulls   etc_services
truth:  pulls   sensors

test:  functional test environment for certain mode .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  keeps   skills
truth:  keeps   track

test:  made made the github repository for a github add-on service .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  pulls   challengenes
truth:  pulls   hooks

test:  calculate a list of weighted values from the total distribution .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  returns   fit
truth:  returns   choices

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   producing
truth:  retrieve   certificate

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  get the sqs conn .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  whois a user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   plan
truth:  show   profile

test:  convert an infinite-capacity string to a beaker matrix .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  converts   appends
truth:  converts   add

test:  allow some possible to be converted to the regexp .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   boolean

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  write a file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  save   labeled
truth:  save   file

test:  again a grammar macro that contains the specified params macro .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  look   exception
truth:  look   macros

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  yaml: dry publish dry reports with dry .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  build optionparse or installed packages .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  run   locked
truth:  run   build

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   removing
truth:  perform   parse

test:  return the number of cpus in the system (same .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the score values from the username .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   skipping
truth:  returns   score

test:  replaces whitespace in a string with a single space characters .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  attempt to make sure every object is of iterable and non-zero back to postgresql .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  return a list of meters by source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  return a list of words to query string .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  get   minpoly(add
truth:  get   words

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   crop
truth:  ask   directory

test:  validate a value is a valid anytype .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  goes   teardown
truth:  goes   type

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  replace macros by name matching the given version .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  ask wrapper for pep retrieved .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  return the attribute of the given object .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  get information about an elb node cli example: .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  check for azure configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  if we are logged in the url .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  add   access
truth:  add   url

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  validates that a reorders is in arg_name .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validate   executed
truth:  validate   dictionary

test:  return linear shared by taylor its shared document .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  shared   simulating
truth:  shared   input

test:  split the value into a lambda function representing the tree in a set of expressions .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  returns a list of categories to be used to render a list of categories .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   shifted
truth:  seek   units

test:  escape the use for a string so that it can be used in html shell .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   rms
truth:  escape   javascript

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  send output to the carbon data .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  purge a organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   filename
truth:  purge   organization

test:  the list of users that the user is authorized to access this plugin .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  separates   generate
truth:  separates   users

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  check to see if a virtual machine exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert obj into an aggregate instance .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  create an option type for the given repository type .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  called   inquire
truth:  called   tool

test:  compute the gauss-chebyshev quadrature nodes of n .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  compute shortest path between all nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   ip
truth:  compute   paths

test:  parse a field path .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  take   define
truth:  take   path

test:  set the host of the stub for the given host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  create a new container name name name of the new secgroup cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   enabled
truth:  add   nova

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a datetime to the corresponding cola integers .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  pulls   sleeping
truth:  pulls   price

test:  return all matplotlib image of a list of all image subplots through the autoencoder image .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  returns   parens
truth:  returns   figure

test:  given a number of bits .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   vms
truth:  are   thread

test:  function to call to get every tester from a fuse location in the given sequence .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   enhanced
truth:  formats   object

test:  cm service request section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  returns the shape of the tree along expr .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   ensure
truth:  turn   prediction

test:  error handler showing list of available projects .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  show a map of legend .
truth: map command . 
test:  map   authorizes
truth:  map   command

test:  generate cli manager that contains all colors from the specified status .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  handle   reduced
truth:  handle   cli

test:  turn a list of tuples into a new size .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  finds   newlines
truth:  finds   dimensions

test:  format a string using double format .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   mounts
truth:  find   objects

test:  returns information about the vpc tags in a vpc .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  finds   fft
truth:  finds   vpc

test:  extract messages from a specific javascript string .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  change float zeros of float value of dense value .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  makes   xor
truth:  makes   scale

test:  create a figure with the specified sizes .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   parens
truth:  create   figure

test:  returns the list of all requests that are up to the given payload .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  read a sequence of urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  pulls   correct
truth:  pulls   async

test:  delete the user preference for the given username .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  deletes   buckets
truth:  deletes   preference

test:  run commands on each item in text .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  get all logged-in and addons from the database .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  raise a warning msg .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  return true if a and b are similar to stripping .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  validate the such logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   pings
truth:  validate   behavior

test:  create an instance of the given model .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  given   populates
truth:  given   params

test:  detect modules with from __future__ import absolute_import .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  list roles assigned to a named user cli example: .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  generate supported locale for the given language .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  test that the minimum of the corrmat is a test .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  get a list of receivers to be passed .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  place an order by specified id using the api@ .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached {attached: false} if the policy was not attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   holding
truth:  detach   policy

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the graphite feeder .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  use   exposes
truth:  use   values

test:  class decorator that allow the decorated class to be a class or classic methods of the decorated class .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  wait for a volume to reach a given status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  pulls   aligns
truth:  pulls   volume

test:  produce a between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   validating
truth:  produce   clause

test:  this makes a new vector that can be used to store a new distribution .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get list of pull request headers .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  encrypts content with salt .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  format   customized
truth:  format   salt

test:  metric for distane .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  makes debugging extensions with .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  return the volume of an existing volume .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  cacheable variant of the first set of items in the string p .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  set root_helper .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  compile the compiler to a separate file for all of the parameters .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  send e-mail with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return information about the logical config file .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  a page updates the number of times for which we know when a task .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  returns the unicode string representing unicode control characters .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   deconvolves
truth:  declare   level

test:  builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree b .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  this function returns invalid win relying .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  compares   facebook
truth:  compares   pairwise

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   wanted
truth:  creates   filename

test:  requests a password .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  sends   terminate
truth:  sends   password

test:  normalize an expression to a multinomial string .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  lambda   pulls
truth:  lambda   null

test:  search the display for a given path .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  gives   bench
truth:  gives   value

test:  attempt to merge a set of parent that are sent to parent .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  pulls   context
truth:  pulls   contact

test:  constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   supplied
truth:  constructs   api

test:  run a command .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  used for uniform .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  a special search filter .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  tests   obj
truth:  tests   filters

test:  makes a default bucket for the given bucket .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  gets   enters
truth:  gets   bucket

test:  returns the mean of the source field contains the specified mean .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  assert reconstruction where the zeros are in the number of zeros .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  prints s to stdout .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  compute time-frequency representation using epochs .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   grant
truth:  compute   power

test:  generate a list of random bits .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  flip   cyclen
truth:  flip   percentage

test:  mask or above a secret for the provided secret .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  determine the user id for a given pid .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  provides   prettify
truth:  provides   process

test:  adds a comment to translation .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  convert a number inside a search_service_pb .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  transform   enforce
truth:  transform   iri

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  create a schema in postgres .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  creates   evpn
truth:  creates   schema

test:  get the wsgi application for opening a cached cgi .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  paste   paging
truth:  paste   interface

test:  attempt to simplify x is a maxmind or a f(k) .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  limit   pulls
truth:  limit   null

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the perspective returned .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   pick
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick disk driver .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  pick   widget
truth:  pick   libvirt

test:  model a case with explicit concurrency .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  set the value in dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  returns image label + create %} in the label int .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  remove a name .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  delete   clean
truth:  delete   playlist

test:  initialize redis connection .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  starts   ellipsoid
truth:  starts   pool

test:  take an argument .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  make   switch
truth:  make   list

test:  decodes the object input and decodes the base64 encoded output .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  generate configuration fields for a resource .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  documents the resource method running a interpolate or a given resource name .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  returns the unicode cache .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  job id of a salt job jid the job id to lookup a salt config configuration name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  extract a symbol from a symbol of common examples .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  publish to the test topics .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   stops
truth:  publish   topic

test:  make sure that line comments are ignored by the last column at the same column .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  restores a config zip file back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   labeled
truth:  restores   file

test:  test the fit sample routine with ros support .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  fullmatch all non-overlapping .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  perform a ptr record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  lookup   iuploader
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return h connectivity from a greedy graph g .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  pulls   hash
truth:  pulls   flow

test:  make sure the user can happen .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  check a status of ctx .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns the windows clock system command from the system .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  groups groups in list_identities .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  load a plain key from a file .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  return true if the user is valid .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  returns   pick
truth:  returns   callback

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  download a new user from the notification view .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  request   wrapped
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if there are some received tool like a beta .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  load config file and return a configparser instance .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  validates   labeled
truth:  validates   file

test:  updates the frame for each frame .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  displays a list of pairs .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  show the cassandra version in cassandra .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  show   extract
truth:  show   version

test:  find the xml element with the given footnotes .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  upgrade all packages via a setuptools setuptools .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  creates an index .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  given an ip address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  provides   bench
truth:  provides   value

test:  return true if the crontab path is a cron user .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  return   loads
truth:  return   changes

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  custom workflow must not normally be met .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   modbus
truth:  verify   cookie

test:  print out the contents of a message followed by an indented stack trace .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  add   indexes
truth:  add   snapshot

test:  find the value of a given expression .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   extract
truth:  gets   version

test:  format a color string or raise color if it is no valid color or false otherwise .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  return the current error dict .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  formats   prioritized
truth:  formats   messages

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  make sure that a named user is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  enable   unmask
truth:  enable   profiles

test:  deploy a file from the war package to a local one .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  deploy   roundrobin
truth:  deploy   application

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  logs the message to the log file at the given log .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  logs   ssl
truth:  logs   errors

test:  adds the current request to the response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  repository the given url to the beginning of the first one .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  wait for the login to become login .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  make   empty
truth:  make   attempts

test:  return the set of configured location of image .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  use the codons path to delete s3 .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all of all of the files under the given directory .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  read a list of reflog reflog reflog .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   instantiate
truth:  translate   arguments

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  compile the name of a cache expression .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  given   batch
truth:  given   code

test:  compute the line image reduced to a generalized in linear post-order p2 = all_correlations .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  compute a general transform f(k) = a fourier corner equations .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  converts a bcd value to a decimal value .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the sokal-sneath value from a fraction of fraction .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  creates   throttle
truth:  creates   unit

test:  return eigenvalues of the graph .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  compute   defines
truth:  compute   attributes

test:  accepts a list of strings and returns a list of strings .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  randomly select of oozebane kernel .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  pulls   iterator
truth:  pulls   kernel

test:  run expected line of text and return expected html .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  restful crud controller from the raw controller .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  get the minkowski distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  export a thread into a threading thread .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return the file with status information between git files .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  multi-dimensional correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   eliminates
truth:  list   elements

test:  return samples from a file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against one ndarray .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing filter .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  pulls   discover
truth:  pulls   closing

test:  indicates the unallocated delete .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  displays a users security security template .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  converts a datetime object to a datetime .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   evacuate
truth:  convert   precision

test:  context manager that sets the default app state .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  setup   induce
truth:  setup   testing

test:  decode a string using any variety of whitespace .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  this returns the users dashboard data for a particular problem .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  validates that value is a valid html string .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  searches through the available query .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  registers an instance of a given handler .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  ensure that we can actually exist in a state .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  return source file containing tokens for each line modified from old separate .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  check to see if a file is a directory on the filesystem .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  just a list of celery sql statements .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  print   highlight
truth:  print   row

test:  get a partition list with unmounted .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  return   rotated
truth:  return   partition

test:  return a list from slug .
truth: get slug . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students grades grades and push the results to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  clean an http request .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  clean   access
truth:  clean   url

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  one one sample can be a compatible in the sample .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set the slice element to the decimal z .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   named
truth:  set   z

test:  set or series by a specific computenode dict .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  sets the time left to indicate that the response is imported in the expected updated .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  retrieves instance type access list by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  return true if a key exists in the selected file with the given filename .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  caches   pulls
truth:  caches   null

test:  search by name .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   redirecting
truth:  search   entity

test:  separate top-level function with two blank lines .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   reported
truth:  separate   function

test:  solve a function using a sorted search .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  produce a code for the struct code .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  list a private key with the cipher .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  creates   listen
truth:  creates   key

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   whiten
truth:  get   computenode

test:  tests that the approximate polynomials with the same results in the required polynomials implementation .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  a simple helper for testing purposes .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a timestamp into a timedelta object .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  adds the current request to the response .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a dictionary with keys of the value in a dict .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  return a random normalformgame instance of the machine with actions of the given state .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  determine if a vlan is in the database .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns the global options used for web server execution .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   forbid
truth:  returns   options

test:  check whether a path is installed .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  converts a string to unicode .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  retrieve full path to the given segment segment .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  get   fill
truth:  get   pathname

test:  parse the parameters to a list of strings .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  get   results
truth:  get   keywords

test:  restart service via monit cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  gets the argname from sys .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  fixture   unlinks
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator to define a function that returns a dict of the specified depends on the dependencies .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  decorates   write
truth:  decorates   dependencies

test:  return the operation on the operation .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  freeze the daemons of a setuptools tree .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sets the attribute on a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  retrieve the task ids and return a dict with the desired status message .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  retrieve   inverts
truth:  retrieve   statuses

test:  gets a fnpickle object .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  pickle   enhanced
truth:  pickle   object

test:  parses policy to the tree .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  parse   files
truth:  parse   check

test:  extract extra data from a packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  converts   talk
truth:  converts   packet

test:  returns the network device version .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  a function which just verifies whether or not some code are assigned .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a mock .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  generate   uncheck
truth:  generate   element

test:  returns a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  displays basic inputs .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  testing   exposes
truth:  testing   values

test:  update requests for a asset .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  update   populating
truth:  update   info

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  setup as opposed .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  creates   command
truth:  creates   session

test:  decorator that only works in the decorated test suite .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  get an integer handled status .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  pulls   widgets
truth:  pulls   responses

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  returns the network device driver of the given proxy modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   constrained
truth:  returns   functions

test:  get the virtual server stage .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  update the diff cache .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same type as versa: .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  dump language setting for the language in language code .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  doji star .
truth: advance block . 
test:  advance   converted
truth:  advance   block

test:  test event validator .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  import a issue .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  adds   init
truth:  adds   modules

test:  write the snake_case to a configuration file .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   optdict
truth:  write   lines

test:  get the base directory .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  have   inhibit
truth:  have   label

test:  get the gcd .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  sign a string of a given scale .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   shared
truth:  sign   string

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  retrieves single group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  helper function for restoring a list of strings from the provided types .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  test hermite cardinal interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  run cmd from a subprocess and stderr .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  function   authorizes
truth:  function   command

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  update the date/time of a quota quota cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  returns a dict containing the filenames for a complete set of profile images .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  return the partition class of the user .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  reload the cached localzone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   pulls
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 is a multiple of 0 .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   evacuate
truth:  check   precision

test:  if the view index index is not a dotted or update with a dotted conditions .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  return true if path is a python module/package .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal function .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  display a obtain member from an installable .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  query   signs
truth:  query   display

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   extract
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set traffic to ccu/homegear .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  change   grouping
truth:  change   system

test:  raises an exception if value is not too long string or a subclass thereof .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  check whether translation was not a single logging .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   enabled
truth:  check   nova

test:  raise a skipexception from a block device by bd .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  block   igor
truth:  block   device

test:  write the meta objects in the given module .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  gram-schmidt-like decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  verify that the given package is installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of complex paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  register a warning and populates all warnings .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  write enzyme file to files .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  export   sleep
truth:  export   files

test:  get all compute services for a host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  apply all of the data in data .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  if you compute the file for a given size .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   formatted
truth:  compute   rate

test:  computes the sum of gradients over given axis .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  create and/or enable a widget widget .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  render   reserializes
truth:  render   widget

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   bartels
truth:  function   contents

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  test   flip
truth:  test   python

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  convert a human readable size in bytes into a human readable format .
truth: formats size . 
test:  formats   analyzes
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  list volume by name .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  list   aligns
truth:  list   volume

test:  construct the base and for the given function .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  -   access
truth:  -   url

test:  this is a test to make sure that a user is logged in the future .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  try to pretty unicode output unicode by symbols .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  see   flattens
truth:  see   output

test:  update addons+collections session .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   command
truth:  update   session

test:  return the list of layers for a named container name the name of the container to display .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns a list of the single axis for an scale scale .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  update the namespace of all of the given dict .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  retrieve course cohorts dict for a given course and return it .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  permutations of the loss .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  check   uploads
truth:  check   factorization

test:  get public certificates for use with the images .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  get   gunzip
truth:  get   certificates

test:  adds media files to resource .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  helper using a sparse source space using a sparse sparse matrix .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  pulls   unlocking
truth:  pulls   source

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  test installing from local directory with no setup .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  run the right unit tests .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  split a keyword string into a set of keyword arguments .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  split   testsuites
truth:  split   keyword

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  resolve a list of xrefs .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  writes out message to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  for resetting the git repository .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  pulls   decompile
truth:  pulls   wiki

test:  get vlm_media instance instance playback name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  merge two or more entries from a collection with two or v_t .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  merge   unescaped
truth:  merge   entries

test:  resolve a name into its name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  report unique file in name .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  iterate over a cache set .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  takes   enroll
truth:  takes   iterator

test:  get the cubic path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  verify that the specified cron job is absent name the unique name of the user to remove user to verify .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return the frame class expected from a frame .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  this should not cause the remote version in a parallel string .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  generate   eventlet
truth:  generate   warning

test:  search the files details .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parse the command line options .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parses   forbid
truth:  parses   options

test:  given the path to the s3cache log file .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   be
truth:  parses   acl

test:  evaluate efficiently taylor transform in k[x] .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   combine
truth:  evaluate   transformation

test:  creates and returns the launchpad script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   retrying
truth:  is   compatibility

test:  updates the locate database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   responds
truth:  updates   database

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  decorator that activates function before accessing a test .
truth: run some function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  setup the gpsd sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert a set or structure into a python set .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  gets the absolute ddir dictionary to use .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  list floating ip .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  list   adict
truth:  list   pools

test:  return absolute path of relative to data .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  add a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  bind   paging
truth:  bind   interface

test:  create a message .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  display   draft
truth:  display   prompt

test:  mark a scheduled task .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  remove   reserializes
truth:  remove   widget

test:  prompt for api .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  pulls   relying
truth:  pulls   login

test:  removes the string remove from the right of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  write analyze vector graphics for a skeinforge file .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  returns the percentage of the elements of the iterable sum between the given iterable .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  sum   eliminates
truth:  sum   elements

test:  write write entities to csv file .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  sets up the traceback at the given model .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  allocates   simplifying
truth:  allocates   range

test:  write a checkpoint copy of the cluster .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  write   understemmed
truth:  write   results

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  iterates over all field in the zip dict every value which contains nested lists of no b] .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  create a continuous random at the given position .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a boto connection for the service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  return a dict describing all volumes .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  test that new location can be used .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  multiply the transpose of the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  applies   looking
truth:  applies   operator

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   marking
truth:  lists   qos

test:  given a path to a list of rules that applied to the root directory .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  find   sleep
truth:  find   files

test:  test media plugin for social .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  decorator to generate list of local names .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  plugin   float
truth:  plugin   decorator

test:  tests a simple preductions method is a valid simple formats .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  compute the inertia structuring x .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  compute   centers
truth:  compute   labels

test:  validates that the keys in a dict are mapped to hashes .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create an instance volume cache from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  copy function is cached .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  creates   analyze
truth:  creates   copy

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  write 3 byte integer into a file .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   linkify
truth:  write   integer

test:  remove a cluster .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  remove   joins
truth:  remove   cluster

test:  for saving only returns the current client .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  a multiplication to check if a and b are equal .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  pulls   cancels
truth:  pulls   typeerror

test:  runs the given command in a subprocess and wait until it completes .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   interfacing
truth:  remove   axes

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  returns the lazyobject source file containing the journalist zip source zip .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   enhanced
truth:  imports   object

test:  comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   bails
truth:  comapare   phrases

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   eliminates
truth:  extract   elements

test:  set the indentation levels .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return volumes usage that have been updated during a dict .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  run an entry under the cache api .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  compute the hilbert transform of a given number at a time .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   dumps
truth:  compute   signal

test:  lower(s) -> string return a copy of the string s with upper case characters converted to lowercase and vice versa .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  returns the urls for the ajax portion of the url .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  evaluate a dictionary of text verbose contains only the tokens of an expression .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  get   lowercases
truth:  get   verbose

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  ensures   advised
truth:  ensures   commands

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   rising
truth:  associate   group

test:  deletes scheduled post associated with a few field .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  exposes   located
truth:  exposes   method

test:  simsam range into a biom range by specified files .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  applies   simplifying
truth:  applies   range

test:  parses the plugin plugin logger .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  set the current subnet to use .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  test either if an ignored is a normal number .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   centers
truth:  test   labels

test:  estimate beta ridge error to minimize the ridge stochastic model .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  use   increment
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse the core site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   handles
truth:  parse   site

test:  return common absolute path of common socket .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  removes a wsgi intercept call for host:port .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   drops
truth:  remove   call

test:  adds a message with the info level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  given a filename .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  tests   wanted
truth:  tests   filename

test:  a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  testing computation of the local t0 .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from seq .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  detect if the code is running in gce mode .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  detect   batch
truth:  detect   code

test:  compile the package client and install .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  compile   unload
truth:  compile   client

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  validates that value is true or false .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   offset
truth:  validate   parameters

test:  round a a a a newly or a set of away away from 'half .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  returns a value that is an integer and optionally other than it .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  set the subtitle video subtitles .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   intercepts
truth:  set   subtitle

test:  cache project with offsets in the given project .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  cache   determine
truth:  cache   projects

test:  return true if the filename matches the given patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  check   config
truth:  check   patterns

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   deflate
truth:  connect   config

test:  decodes a string of encoded variables .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  generate a example certificates for a course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  start   lstrip
truth:  start   set

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test when activate a shell does not install or up commands .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  emulate text content of a pyglet .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  delete   draws
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  transform a relative path relative to $state_path .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  generate sphinx version for sphinx .
truth: format sys . 
test:  format   inputhook
truth:  format   sys

test:  returns a bool array .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  wrap raw image .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  wrap   trivial
truth:  wrap   connection

test:  compute overlap .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   attributes
truth:  given   arrays

test:  return a dictionary with the specified names and their version numbers .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set owner and directory path .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  ensure an option is present in the given value .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  ensure   currents
truth:  ensure   state

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  remove the given pil location from a featurelocation .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  deletes   restoring
truth:  deletes   data

test:  publish an exploration and update it .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   coordinates
truth:  pulls   exploration

test:  return the start and cyclic matrix from the list of cyclic values .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  compute the total energy for the given vectors .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  generate the module name for a given python source file .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  context manager that asserts a tls app state is unlikely to the given app .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  get a section that is configured from the section .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  parameters obj - the object to be array-like returns validator - returns true or false .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  filename   enhanced
truth:  filename   object

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   iterate
truth:  returns   auth

test:  internal method to check the currently connected page@require page@require .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  retrieve authentication data from memcache .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  reads   executed
truth:  reads   dictionary

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create an rpc for use in configuring api calls .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  attempt to get default access key access from script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  attempt   emit
truth:  attempt   access

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  autocovariance function for mean_shift .
truth: given data x . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  return the container name cli example: .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  returns   snaps
truth:  returns   pid

test:  get the top data for a kwargs['opts'] .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  run json with var(p) process .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  monkeypatch   extract
truth:  monkeypatch   version

test:  install the zipextimporter .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  take   restart
truth:  take   account

test:  given the dir or directory .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  figure   stores
truth:  figure   name

test:  initialize the module .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  invoke a function in a transaction .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  adds   statsd
truth:  adds   timeout

test:  create a tuple from a json row .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  create a api-proxy that is a pending worker .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  list a baremetal node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  returns a url appropriate for a python string .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  wrap the tensorflow templates in the database .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  runs   flask
truth:  runs   times

test:  computes the trimmed mean of the values in an array .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  check that course is published in studio contains the course that contains the course role for ccx courses .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  compute the inverse hankel transform of f(s) over the fundamental hankel .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   labels
truth:  compute   transform

test:  like str .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  call   serialize
truth:  call   str

test:  set the css of the css css file .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  convert complex brightness to analog strings .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  defines   exhaust
truth:  defines   conversion

test:  determine if the object is an instance of type or a class .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  make a color by palette .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  produces   representing
truth:  produces   specification

test:  create an image file name and store it to create a file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   shuffle
truth:  creates   temp

test:  return an icosahedral ico object .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  get   splitting
truth:  get   surface

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression minusminus .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns true if we know for certain that we can recreate it to one of the allowed .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  save the list of errors and restart with errors .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  saves   identifies
truth:  saves   plugin

test:  return etc_services information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  update available modules .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   init
truth:  set   modules

test:  returns a mask to use with x .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  compute   blend
truth:  compute   mask

test:  get the date from the previous space .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  builds a base-10 for the language class .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert an opcode to an rcode from text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   patched
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid region .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  returns the bit of a running both needs and anything .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   noise
truth:  returns   macos

test:  a decorator that adds a function to be called .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  register   rescales
truth:  register   event

test:  get all available widgets widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  prepare wmt data .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  a page to allow testing the invitation of a custom error page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  method for str2long() .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  put   pulls
truth:  put   null

test:  generate a list of tuples from index using the gzip per gzip .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return a formatted string for the current locale .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  split argument into a list of tensors .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   craft
truth:  split   expr

test:  create a new pmap field for a given field .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  prints a c environment variable .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  dump   unquoting
truth:  dump   environment

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   logs
truth:  generate   vertices

test:  make text before adding maxlen to the primaries of characters .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  create a tarball .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  create loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   reproduces
truth:  create   loops

test:  unary_expression : unary_expression unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of the hqe percentage for this percentage .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  computes   preloading
truth:  computes   host

test:  build a list of chain from the current fixes .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   blocks
truth:  build   representation

test:  set the range of the range of the load buffer .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  set   simplifying
truth:  set   range

test:  when using hadoop .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  run the test client .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  create multiple parameters of a pandas plot .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  helper to skip test if svd is not a test .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to delete the configured probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   tear
truth:  calls   module

test:  returns an hmac-sha256 key from the given key and source hash .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  builds   stubbed
truth:  builds   headers

test:  clears caches from the cache .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   phred
truth:  clears   caches

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is no values are no errors .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   summarize
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  generates a radom alphanumeric string .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  asserts that the regex match the regex in an exception .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  fail   shed
truth:  fail   exception

test:  run func using subprocess .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  restart   drops
truth:  restart   call

test:  find all form in the list of which are fixed only the prettyprints kind or patch .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  loads a class from a dotted path .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  loads   safe_octal
truth:  loads   class

test:  gpu convolution gradient with respect to weight using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  decorator for concrete volume groups .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  pulls   trending
truth:  pulls   driver

test:  convert string to constant .
truth: some functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  load the run application .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  jitter a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  test with a value clear() .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  returns a list of nodes of the graph .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  generate   preface
truth:  generate   degree

test:  return the prefix for a given dist in a locator metadata .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   clearing
truth:  return   meta

test:  validates an tax number .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  validate   sparks
truth:  validate   number

test:  return the tetrahedral graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the path to the s3cache of a given directory .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns a string identifying the python version of pip .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test that the base policy list contain scaling instances .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  url   pulls
truth:  url   null

test:  check if two types are changed .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  check   remounts
truth:  check   obj

test:  exactly the concat message-id back .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  compute   raise
truth:  compute   term

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  determines if n is a subclass of finite of a b-length in the factorization .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  take a scalar python value and return a string representing the corresponding amazon dynamodb value .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  splits title and the after the first helper method is a title .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  converts a propositional logical sentence s into a repl_view expression .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  create the entire directory and doesnt exist if it doesnt already exist .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the datasources .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  launch an instance of the specified parent with the given parent .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  returns a list with the names of all the collections with the given service .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  check if csv files made a valid csv file .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  ensure   stored
truth:  ensure   #

test:  check for azure configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extracts the id from an http segments .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  attach a logs to the internal children of boto .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  replace   backported
truth:  replace   handlers

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   expect
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the mqtt sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  displays the contents of a given file into the page .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   temperature
truth:  displays   date

test:  validates that a key is a list or a list of strings .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validates   switch
truth:  validates   list

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to network-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  loads item from file if item is present .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   define
truth:  load   path

test:  determines whether the given flags are some given flags .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  obtain a lock from the lock id .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  finds   search
truth:  finds   d

test:  return the version string of the latest version of the latest os .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  check whether the object is an instance of the given object .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  translate an application error to a python identity .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   capturing
truth:  translate   error

test:  dynamically load the class from a path "myapp .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  call a function in a current thread and marks it as a deferred .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  export stats for project .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  stats   been
truth:  stats   format

test:  delete an image from a gce device .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  sq=" and de-serialize json so that it is json .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fix salts yaml-ification of on/off .
truth: get opt . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  ensure that the one or more details is disinherit .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  convert a string of derivatives into a valid name .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  translate   sparks
truth:  translate   number

test:  updates global state when a task is reserved .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   currents
truth:  updates   state

test:  compute basic facts for config from json .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  check whether log translations are supported in log .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   prioritized
truth:  -   messages

test:  thin wrapper to reset some worker to just used in tasks with just clean it .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  a prefix-based path is a list of paths .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  construct a volume name from a cloud volume .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  constructs   aligns
truth:  constructs   volume

test:  gets the hyperbolic of an array by a given interval .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  loads the module .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  refresh scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  set   mocks
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a map string to a list for inclusion in a game .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  wrap a service so it gets turned into command automatically .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   advised
truth:  wrap   commands

test:  hello! --> "less .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  builds   utf-8
truth:  builds   argument

test:  returns true if this xblock has visibility limited to this xblock .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   bdecodes
truth:  returns   xblock

test:  returns a list of names from a given file .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  opens   wanted
truth:  opens   filename

test:  update the dmg makefile in the dmg .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   tabulate
truth:  update   makefile

test:  return information about the specified dns cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  create read-only fields and backref from vm and backref to vbd when vbd is created .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  identify the format string format for the format that can be mapped to skip the form of the format .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  loop   disallow
truth:  loop   identifiers

test:  returns the message from the given page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the vlanids vlanids .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  enforces limits of characters in string .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  kill a pid by sending it to the process .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  kill   snaps
truth:  kill   pid

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with a product set of all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  returns a dask .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  processes   switch
truth:  processes   list

test:  checks if a string is a jid .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  load a cluster options from a vcenter .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  obtain   joins
truth:  obtain   cluster

test:  wrapper around connection steps .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns true if the field name is valid .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  add func to a given type .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  returns whether the set of ints are a list of ints .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  provides the link-local address of a given address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  creates a server-server url to a static model with the current session .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  return a string with random word .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  get the info slice as a slice object .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  slice   releases
truth:  slice   axis

test:  adds a key to the url to a url .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  simple batch indices that is used to reconstruct a single vector of exactly once .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  creates the tags from a list of tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  recreate   switch
truth:  recreate   list

test:  execute the command cmd returns the output of the command cmd the command to run cmd .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the base domain part of the url for the domain .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  converts a list of classpath to loading classpath of a url .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using "lazy" loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   dotted
truth:  indicate   relationship

test:  return a list of all python files found under which to be a subnet .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  it should not cause the email when the command .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  return the substitutions .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   unload
truth:  execute   client

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  returns options used for the rawfile_json returner .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  get the list of all of the first point namespaces .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  split   labeled
truth:  split   file

test:  convert numpy matrix to column column of used to kubernetes some logarithm .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  get   mutate
truth:  get   column

test:  convolve filter x by the musicbrainz window .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  concatenates the 1-d slices in a along axis .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  whether input status besides twice .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  takes a link .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  convert an image to a search_service_pb .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

