test:  reorder a suite of unittest from a suite .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  reorders   compiles
truth:  reorders   suite

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  function to force the probes in the probes probes .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  updates   pulls
truth:  updates   null

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  attach total_watchers voters to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   collects
truth:  attach   count

test:  add global locales to settings .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   solve
truth:  add   settings

test:  guess a template name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  turn   arrive
truth:  turn   escape

test:  convert a path to a list of filesystem path .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns the path for a symlink .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  remove a rabbitmq policy from the rabbitmq based on rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   stacking
truth:  get   grid

test:  get carved text .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  capture a screenshot to a filter and then its contents .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given a vcs tool return a vcs tool .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  request to have an entrance exam as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   distributed
truth:  request   problems

test:  compat for testing with previous config .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  redefine   unlinks
truth:  redefine   fixture

test:  decorator to restrict invalidgitrepositoryerror caching to integer .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  function that detects the date/time format for the string passed .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  copied   pulls
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  converts id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and/or a task id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the iterator of all saturation entries in g .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  iterates   increase
truth:  iterates   nodes

test:  return the current group uid .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  init   expand
truth:  init   permissions

test:  given a list of input names and wsdl and wsdl .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  set   located
truth:  set   method

test:  convert a base64 encoded string into a single string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  simple white heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  only succeed if the value contains the given value .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  find the indices of matching bits that are in the some documents .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   restrict
truth:  finds   array

test:  called when the server is complete .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  disconnect   trivial
truth:  disconnect   connection

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  fix in config file .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  fix   preload
truth:  fix   content

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  keyword arguments .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   results
truth:  split   keywords

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  pulls   relies
truth:  pulls   logic

test:  generate a file url for a file system .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  convert request instances of request and handle to exception .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  convert   populates
truth:  convert   params

test:  return slices of whether a string value is a slice .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  perform symbolic cross strings on an array of indices .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  swaps the number of perticular items between two individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  reverse the sequence of connection .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  get the number of active addresses for an object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  multiply two elements of numbers with the same dimension .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  given a list of or patterns .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  build   shared
truth:  build   string

test:  command line argument parsing and add an inventory .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   tracing
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task time slot time slot .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  start   mount
truth:  start   task

test:  get the number of bootstrap in a single bootstrap .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  yields   declared
truth:  yields   samples

test:  returns a shallow manager which fires the settings for the module .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  returns the value of a given request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  retrieves   listen
truth:  retrieves   key

test:  define a command line for the given default type .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  defines   cause
truth:  defines   option

test:  check if the network is a valid python network version .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   ayoung
truth:  check   base

test:  list haproxy servers configured servers backend haproxy backend socket haproxy backend cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  list   fold
truth:  list   backend

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   overlay
truth:  replace   func

test:  visit python files and return a list of all available python objects .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  go   crop
truth:  go   directory

test:  return a list of all detected file on the master .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  swap the case of the matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  swap   turn
truth:  swap   case

test:  computes a function of entropy and returns the spsolve .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not a file .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  recover a user model on a single user model .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  compute square-free norm of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  computes the measure of the asymmetry between two computenode in a random expression .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  correlation   associate
truth:  correlation   expressions

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  press the keyboard button for muting volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   follows
truth:  press   button

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   reuse
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  returns the string made up of a tgrep2 search string; the predicate function .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  test to ensure that installing from being used .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  get consecutive norm of labels .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  compute   save
truth:  compute   euclidean

test:  same as amo-validator .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  given   leaves
truth:  given   dictionaries

test:  take the cached value passed into the key setting .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  create a bytes from sequence .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  this is called by :func:polib .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  shuts   deallocate
truth:  shuts   worker

test:  recomputes out the central name and look for the single module .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  return the class with the given namespace or a namespace string .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  simplified   extract
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shutdown the system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   directed
truth:  shutdown   delay

test:  including all elements of elements whose elements arent in the same order .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  sort   eliminates
truth:  sort   elements

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler performs the equivalent of an oc create command invocation; this build step takes in the provided json or yaml text .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  setup sidebar .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  enable   enhance
truth:  enable   items

test:  generate a password from a string .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  return full absolute path to the underlying entry for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   hits
truth:  enable   filter

test:  wrap a function if trace_api is true and the save summary .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  download the python file from the minion .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  sets the global xcode_settings object .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  find a list of python packages within a python path .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns true if slug is a float .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   format
truth:  find   parameter

test:  create a network group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  the text before launching inheritance .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  turn   sparks
truth:  turn   number

test:  fail to determine if the given object is currently in obj .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  convert set *obj* to a python set .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  convert   grab
truth:  convert   val

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  sets the dominating dominating matrix for the nodes of g .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  finds   lstrip
truth:  finds   set

test:  remove the small objects .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   tsv
truth:  remove   components

test:  returns an effect for the non-null url for the given course .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  disable termination protect for every term .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  copies the bokeh root directory to their options .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  coerces an unicode string into an inventory string .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  given a sequence and a partition .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  create   reveal
truth:  create   sequence

test:  get a c{parent} 2 .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  get the maximum matrix for the given coord .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a mock that can be :func:authenticated to write its output to the supplied output .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  expected assignment_params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  creates and returns a form field .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  retrieve the file path to a folder .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  determine   wanted
truth:  determine   filename

test:  remove all styles associated with a given model .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  delete   registering
truth:  delete   views

test:  check if port is validipport .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  returns dictionary of predecessors and predecessors on shortest paths .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  find   scans
truth:  find   pairs

test:  runs a sequence of records to a set of records .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  performs wards nicely with a ) ) .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  replace   emits
truth:  replace   definition

test:  gets the path to the mercurial config file .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return service to a user .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  send a request .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given an email address .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  look   allocate
truth:  look   user

test:  gets the user name from the given module .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  show legend on a matplotlib ax .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  function   meet
truth:  function   legend

test:  replace the default time to be successful in the os with gevent .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  replace   support
truth:  replace   time

test:  print a list of all documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   decreases
truth:  print   documents

test:  the humanized datetime of all modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  header   converted
truth:  header   block

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  load a pickle file from the file fname .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  add to or create a new variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  remove   move
truth:  remove   latex

test:  display a single index for index indices .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  display   emitting
truth:  display   character

test:  sets the latest version of the today .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  returns the diversity hull of the fitness of the hypot in the rater ; .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  display an error thrown from corner to the generic error handler .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  checks   capturing
truth:  checks   error

test:  compatibility wrapper for storing file .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  generate groups title in jumpserver .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  get a dictionary of data that should be unknown .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  traverse   crop
truth:  traverse   directory

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  the add-on of all dependencies of the given compiler .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  compute   coupling
truth:  compute   target

test:  check if an exploration manager has valid .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  testing that the proposed quotes within verbosity quotes and fix groups within verbosity quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  return task info .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  get   mount
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   registering
truth:  return   views

test:  format a timestamp to a string .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  return a node ports of nodes to handle merging the graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  return the equation object .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a machine by name .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   looping
truth:  destroy   node

test:  pack object to a custom stream .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  override and parametrize default config fixture to be used in the modules to test .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  override   deflate
truth:  override   config

test:  connect to the given violation .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  test uninstalling an editable package from svn .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  simple sequences of various patterns .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  pulls   config
truth:  pulls   patterns

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  execute installed packages in /etc/adjtime of software packages path path to the package options: cli example: .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  displays   downloading
truth:  displays   package

test:  return vertices of theta that can be used to store the cong interface .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  sync engines modules from salt://_wheel to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   pulls
truth:  sync   null

test:  wrap custom traceback traceback to other formatters .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  pulls   skipped
truth:  pulls   use

test:  deserialize an email address from a new user .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  view   port
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns a vector of object for given ids´´ .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   controlled
truth:  returns   identifier

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  parameters factory - the type to be checked against returns validator - a string of a type that is a type of a type .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  create a new database .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validate handler against valid commands .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  convert list of strings to polar evaluated 1 .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  returns current locales direction .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  override   base64encodes
truth:  override   djangos

test:  removes order polynomial and last order of a given series .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  iterate   sleep
truth:  iterate   files

test:  wrap the libcloud function to wrap a callable .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get list of hosts directly on the host or list of hosts set .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live execute a screenshot screenshot for improving requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sloccount plugin <delivery+pipeline+plugin> .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  pulls   reorders
truth:  pulls   screenshot

test:  escape & .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  insert   flashes
truth:  insert   characters

test:  thunk to support tasks .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  exists and returns the value of a given type .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  generate a random string/key of "b" characters .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return a string containing a canonical code for a python search path .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  removes raw and raw functions .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  returns tuples of left after the ca layer of the given list of 0s .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  check whether or not an arithmetic operator is available for a given line .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  encodes a json string to json and encodes it .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  serializes   aliased
truth:  serializes   json

test:  build a show exceptions for the specified show .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  build   eliminating
truth:  build   cache

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  wait for the system to become changed .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   reported
truth:  wait   function

test:  get the xmodule urls for the given pipeline .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  i send an email to a function .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  break   equalize
truth:  break   email

test:  returns list of templates and create a valid template for a list of templates .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   reflect
truth:  build   testcase

test:  read graph in p2 format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   translated
truth:  read   g

test:  function which checks to see if the variable is a float .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  casts   transliterate
truth:  casts   variable

test:  context manager for setting the given output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a network acl .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  replaces   inform
truth:  replaces   entry

test:  table tables .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  calculate the date/time value of a multivaluedict type .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  returns   subclass

test:  create a translated revision for the given locale .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  return   capitalizes
truth:  return   revision

test:  migrate migrations for admission .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   identifies
truth:  apply   plugin

test:  test labjackud with xxx .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   exchanges
truth:  register   capabilities

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  randomly or remove an element .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  adds   urlencode
truth:  adds   item

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  returns an iterator over a breadth-first matrix in ascii format .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert non-central vector to cumulants recursive formula produces the cumulants as the closest closest indicator lange: numerical analysis for statisticians .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  parses a string into a list of lines with the line or generated from the dictionary .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  take   tend
truth:  take   chunk

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  checks if the given user is authored with a parsed appended .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test load an existing widget .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  test   point
truth:  test   status

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  this function takes a calendar or a string and an in-memory commit to the calendar .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  persists   inserting
truth:  persists   calendar

test:  return list of font directories for defweb .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  determine   storing
truth:  determine   template

test:  safely remove the directory resources/documentname/fn file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return the information about a ms ms name cli example: .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a list of all the top l10n in the input document .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  returns   accepting
truth:  returns   e

test:  stop new query and return a 3-tuple .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  each list of arrays to list of tuples .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  create a list of tags for use in html tag .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  remove variance-covariance .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  get sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   inputhook
truth:  get   sys

test:  convert pil .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create a contents of a file and returns an contents .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  create a template group to be available to map over .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  callback for writes a 1-hot configuration file .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse a string containing supported bytes .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  writes and parse the string value to an ascii string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the total browser web page .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  respond   assign
truth:  respond   requests

test:  get the device name of an obj .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns the number in a passed sequence .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   confirmed
truth:  check   length

test:  return a list of all featured rotation .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  retrieve   file
truth:  retrieve   rotation

test:  create a finite random variable representing a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  projects projects .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  list   determine
truth:  list   projects

test:  receives the zen page for zen .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  identity fnc .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  returns   utf-8
truth:  returns   argument

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  resolve func to a function .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a piece of text into an unicode string .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   define
truth:  encode   path

test:  zoom in and out of a single image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  zoom   pulls
truth:  zoom   null

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   restoring
truth:  set   data

test:  validate and format response since a docker docker response .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  retrieves a post changes .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  load a query given as a date .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  this generator iterates all child functions of a given reference point of the object views .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the image color is color .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates a dataset to be used when a project of data to access a project .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  add   inhibit
truth:  add   label

test:  compact iterator of query .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  load and return the specified scores directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload the config .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  pulls   process_memory_map
truth:  pulls   buffers

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  tests that the format_as methods generated by the function .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   currents
truth:  test   state

test:  collect all python filepaths files in the given package .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  return the first location that was used to look up the minion .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   execute
truth:  return   region

test:  load little-endian 32-bit integer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   standardizes
truth:  load   byte

test:  compute a specific backlight statistics for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   stopped
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   labeled
truth:  moves   file

test:  print a movie file from a movie .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  run   knapsack
truth:  run   request

test:  return the line at path for a given subarray path .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  executes   reported
truth:  executes   function

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  unsubscribe watching a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  stop   target_expressing
truth:  stop   question

test:  set an sql connection for the given pool .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  find   allocate
truth:  find   user

test:  restart all traffic server nodes in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   prettify
truth:  restart   process

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   wants
truth:  read   parts

test:  always return true .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  is   files
truth:  is   check

test:  commits the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  perform a function over hold .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  copy all elements of sequence to one with single key .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  ensure that the topics and contributors are not in setuptools .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   controls
truth:  ensure   ids

test:  checks admin access cannot access the admin site .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  tests   generate
truth:  tests   users

test:  get the carving .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  given a string for a utc formatted date format .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  parabolic the post-order .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  the scenario result has the steps passed as steps .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  convert sensible collection of collection options to collection collection .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  get   offset
truth:  get   parameters

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  convert a version string to a tuple of integers .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  convert roman integer to integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  exponential linear unit function .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  payment handler for selecting subclasses .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  receives   pulls
truth:  receives   null

test:  convert a hosts to its textual representation parameters hex succeeded succeeded to .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  convert   preloading
truth:  convert   host

test:  utility function to run a command and return a errors object .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  return   modifies
truth:  return   cmd

test:  multi-dimensional callables is registered with access to the context of test .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all configured floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetch   switch
truth:  fetch   list

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   enroll
truth:  makes   iterator

test:  show the current binary with the system .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  commits new required .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   forgot
truth:  add   project

test:  configures the getoption .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  drop the grey descriptor around the errorlog .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  return the path where the package is in a successful package .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   accepting
truth:  convert   e

test:  delete and return the files from the head .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   sleep
truth:  update   files

test:  return sass directories that need to be added for sass system .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   stats
truth:  return   dirs

test:  handle different syntax from the input file .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return the path for given object or folder .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns the ascii signature of a given key .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  computes   listen
truth:  computes   key

test:  formats otu map file from otu map .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  this builds an editable dictionary and link to an editable edit that tries to an editable notification .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  is   bring
truth:  is   page

test:  get a list of thumbnails for a directory .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  import a dotted function path from a module .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  takes   define
truth:  takes   path

test:  computes the absolute checksum of a file .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  install a capability args: capability: the capability to install source : the capability to install source : the capability to install source : the capability windows source : the capability
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   protects
truth:  install   args

test:  flip the image vertically .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   forwards
truth:  flip   image

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  gets base name for given volume .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  search for all the pythonzip files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   flip
truth:  search   python

test:  install this package as the reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  schedule   signs
truth:  schedule   display

test:  gets the restful interface for the course item from the url and returns the request object .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  obtains   prompt
truth:  obtains   locator

test:  takes a string and checks if the header is a header .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  return disk usage statistics about a disk image .
truth: given a path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a list of all detected containers .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to a numpy dtype .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   integrating
truth:  convert   scipy

test:  build the clonespec spec .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  returns   simulate
truth:  returns   spec

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  a keys to set the original and modified pairs .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   supports
truth:  detects   text

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  attempts to parse the video matrix and check the signature model defined by the waf algorithm .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  solves   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  solves   problem

test:  returns the number of module in the given number .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  fetch   sparks
truth:  fetch   number

test:  fixture providing a readlinebridge registry and clean the test .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  fixture   routing
truth:  fixture   registry

test:  find all objs in the selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  query   managed
truth:  query   bokeh

test:  deletes the volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  removes   aligns
truth:  removes   volume

test:  test when unescape a substring is properly without theano .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  download a check from a local request .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  is   spawns
truth:  is   endpoint

test:  for testing .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  function   labeled
truth:  function   file

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   sluggified
truth:  return   center

test:  assign a mongodb operator to a string .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  if theres a variable with the original shape and merge 1 .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get of every upsell bytes for a specific upload .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  flow   regressiont
truth:  flow   index

test:  returns a dict of files to store in a list of filenames to .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list_opt : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   pulls
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  convenience fixture to get a mainframe of a cookiecutter .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  pulls   resize
truth:  pulls   tls

test:  get the annotation value for the given type .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  helper function that converts a dataset into a collection .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   reallocation
truth:  split   collection

test:  retrieve all defined networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   preprocess
truth:  return   networks

test:  check if url is a link to a link .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  flatten a list of lists to tuples .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  takes   constant_expression_opt
truth:  takes   iterables

test:  setup the camera .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  initialize   msg
truth:  initialize   component

test:  only load if zc .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  rename   aliased
truth:  rename   json

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   small_stmts
truth:  scan   line

test:  test of bootstrapping of epochs .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   specifies
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday -- gets the google api on the given date .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  boolean uniform usage of order zero or more array .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  tie   invoked
truth:  tie   factor

test:  scan the status of a certain engine .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  returns   demos
truth:  returns   scan

test:  wait until a data source is loaded .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   simulating
truth:  text   input

test:  returns: the canonicalized absolute pathname .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  create an identity identity for the tenant type .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  compute the number of common neighbors of all node pairs in ebunch using ebunch .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   regressiont
truth:  compute   index

test:  convenience function to create timer object and call timer method .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   avoid
truth:  function   timer

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  testing computation of a test .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  search for comparison in an object .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compares   exposes
truth:  compares   values

test:  get the snmp plugin configuration .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  obtain   encapsulate
truth:  obtain   instance

test:  retrieve actual system state info on a per-user project .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  determine   loads
truth:  determine   changes

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  apply   enhance
truth:  apply   items

test:  parse siocgif* .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  convert a query string to a csv file and a csv format .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  given   flow
truth:  given   fields

test:  for the dovado layout .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  displays   publish
truth:  displays   graph

test:  check if the group exists and groups are valid .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  has   allocate
truth:  has   user

test:  manage the snmp traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   format_alignment
truth:  manage   authentication

test:  returns sample sample data that do not have already been generated by any persistence .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   bounds
truth:  make   table

test:  parses compatible workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  displays   pulls
truth:  displays   null

test:  parses the class from a soap enveloped list of soap .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  return a dictionary containing the machines machines on the given image .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  represent the settings .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  compute the find_pure_symbol to cubehelix .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  prepare the mutiple dpi after the given cor .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve configured projects based on a user ids and a node .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  filter   seek
truth:  filter   subscriptions

test:  method used to spawn a public stream .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  spawn   takes
truth:  spawn   stream

test:  simple html page .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  pulls   chop
truth:  pulls   owner

test:  add a password to the supplied unicodedammit dict .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  verifies that the x along an axis of all indices .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  check   interfacing
truth:  check   axes

test:  kill all of the jobs that are loaded properly present in the napalm database cli example: .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  move an http request .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  wait for a node to become a dao function .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  fire   rescales
truth:  fire   event

test:  returns the first tokens in a shell that contains the given width and earningsestimatesloader .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  pulls   stop
truth:  pulls   dots

test:  return true if the cpu should be certain .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  check   switch
truth:  check   list

test:  computes the average of targets .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  weighted   negotiate
truth:  weighted   loss

test:  only work on systems that have systemd .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  determines if a collection is an instance of a specific instance .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a convenience function that handles a string and turns it into a dictionary of the info of a value .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  evaluates   shared
truth:  evaluates   string

test:  get and add indexed indexed loop .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  deletes items from the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  deletes   enhance
truth:  deletes   items

test:  creates a inheritance element in the format based on the xml tag tag .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  handles a rule for the csf a given rule .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  make a validator function for byte order .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  returns true if the given stream is a valid json stream .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  translates a failure on the cinder projects: using the given function .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  patch python 2 .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  deprecated   dumping
truth:  deprecated   patch

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  pulls   int
truth:  pulls   match

test:  issues http request to http organisations the url to http request .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  invalidate a hash for a suffix_dir in a hashes hashes file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   orthoganlize
truth:  invalidates   hash

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  create a continuous random variable with elements .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  constructs and saves a collection type .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  compute the zero or vault loss .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  rewrites a cache key as string .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  get the appropriate function name for a function .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  extract   format
truth:  extract   parameter

test:  returns the country from a given db .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  save the token to an existing blob .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  stores   iterate
truth:  stores   auth

test:  return list of file names in current dir .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  returns   created
truth:  returns   mode

test:  parse autoserv response for a mkd request .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  given   install
truth:  given   response

test:  create a text block on a text .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check if the files in the given language .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the description of a text file .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  yield only those elements of the canonical value in a given whose values are none or whatever a dictionary .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a hybi-07 pattern to binary buffer .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  converts   canonicalized
truth:  converts   posix

test:  make sure expressions can produce integers .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   associate
truth:  make   expressions

test:  setup a single grid axes .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  pulls   pull
truth:  pulls   one

test:  load information from playlist .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  return the resource name and filters out of a resource .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  return framework instance for framework .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  build and return the network device .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  prepend   emits
truth:  prepend   definition

test:  returns the static observer in a string format .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  get   launch
truth:  get   coordinates

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of targets that apply to passed in the targets .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   insert
truth:  returns   targets

test:  execute a single action on the given map/provider/instance cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   decrease
truth:  execute   action

test:  get the list of projects from the named bugs .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  function to check a cpu metric .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses in a provided range .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified permission on the provied user .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  returns the old license license .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  quote an argument for later db .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  delete a container .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   files
truth:  delete   check

test:  checks gle .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  factory to create a table in a pandas manner .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  function   insure
truth:  function   dataframe

test:  test the attribute attribute of the metaclass .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload user .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create user id from its id .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  sets the process name .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  strips leading and variance from v .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   port
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of longer-running jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  test   request
truth:  test   control

test:  redirect to a custom authentication page .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sympy matrix to catch each column in the matrix .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  create docker path from docker-compose to send to docker-compose docker directory .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   raising
truth:  create   docker

test:  fixture for posix-compliant .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  reset   -
truth:  reset   mocks

test:  searches for the directory where a given file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  returns true if the subnet is a release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  when passed properties .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  uses   induce
truth:  uses   testing

test:  creates a new folder inside the given file .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  inverse test of rs_tan .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  vectorized   pulls
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  instantiate a resource type .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  return   stops
truth:  return   topic

test:  check that the source utility can be ignored .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  generate a list of chunk ordered by index1 the same dimension as filenames and slices parameters u : array_like the same order to generate the percentiles of array or same-length
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  pulls   store
truth:  pulls   memory

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return the writeestr file to use for resource file .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  compare two dictionaries of data and dicts .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  asserts   svn
truth:  asserts   dicts

test:  returns maximum norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  iterate over all indices in a given path .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  yields   compares
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   center
truth:  get   ec2

test:  broadcasts an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  register   initialized
truth:  register   notification

test:  list all users within the organization .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  generate links for an absolute absolute absolute absolute path .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  make   saves
truth:  make   links

test:  parse the file handle lines of a list of two lines .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  call a function in a class .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  checks if a string is a valid bool .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  convert a string into a numeric cache_id .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  returns   part

test:  dump an exception object from its button_type representation .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  dumps   shed
truth:  dumps   exception

test:  return the linux linux distros .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  decrypts the given number of bytes using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   supports
truth:  decrypts   text

test:  sample from channel .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  configure the reactor to be run inside cfrunloop .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  start   popen
truth:  start   reactor

test:  an absolute path is available for the development user .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  get the class of the module .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the contents of a pickle file .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  setup logging for log and some basic variables .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  put all whitespace in a text to html .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  returns an approximation to the jacobi symbol .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  update a update system .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  send notification event on a topic .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  sends   rescales
truth:  sends   event

test:  creates a new triggerdb model audit on the db given trigger_type definition audit dict .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  convert a variable name to a pathname name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  this function determines the hypergeometric power args: bruno : integer representing the input number of seconds to check for the normalized class partitions returns: positive or equal to have the
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a dictionary for a given type based on the equivalent of a dependency dependency .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  determine   dotted
truth:  determine   relationship

test:  processing processing docs from unittest .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  display   sleep
truth:  display   files

test:  performs a get request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  as a factory to tell templates and context .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  asserts that the listall contains the same column .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  grab the current '< .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  show   embedded
truth:  show   example

test:  check to see if a device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  submit barcodes of a release to the defined release .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submits   lstrip
truth:  submits   set

test:  deserialize blobs from database .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  retrieves   responds
truth:  retrieves   database

test:  returns the value corresponding to a instance label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return the tag for the given api configuration .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  create a crlf controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  creates   shortens
truth:  creates   classes

test:  gets the requested methods to be used as a function .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  pulls   parameter_type_list_opt
truth:  pulls   decorators

test:  handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a field .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  handle   compounded
truth:  handle   gcd

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  take   labeled
truth:  take   file

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  vectorized version of a square matrix .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  transposes   looking
truth:  transposes   operator

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write or write to the current greenlet .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  save default dictionary to be saved .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  return true if the minion matches the given grain_pcre target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  square polynomials into equations .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  see   overlay
truth:  see   func

test:  marks a value as compatible values .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  return   constrain
truth:  return   attribute

test:  load social auth info from the given failure .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  convert   represent
truth:  convert   failure

test:  does necessary setup to allow 5 remote to load .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return the recounting and the copytobuffer .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  decorator which exempts the function from nickname and hostname blocking .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  open an encoded file by filename .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  provides the wsgi stream for the wsgi environment and return a a tuple .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  strip a list of files from a string .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  instantiate a new cookie for user .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  provides   located
truth:  provides   method

test:  get screen from the windows environment .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   windows

test:  runs all available plugins and return all available plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  run   interpolated
truth:  run   plugins

test:  decorates an absolute native path with ~user and env var .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  expand   hanging
truth:  expand   variables

test:  returns true if discussions are discussion access to the course id of xblock categories for the course that require to the course to the user .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  generate a unique hash for this module .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get the connections with the given dict as a model object .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  make   executed
truth:  make   dictionary

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   r^2
truth:  returns   form

test:  call this function takes an object and converts it to a parent .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  outputs   pulls
truth:  outputs   null

test:  read an xml tree .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a callback to a section object .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  register   loads
truth:  register   changes

test:  tests like greys .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  return the default currency context for this virtualenv .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  use   pending
truth:  use   default

test:  return the status for a service via daemontools .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  close all occurrences of the current event .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  callback   discover
truth:  callback   closing

test:  return the status for a service via daemontools .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  get the list of active threads .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  connect   signs
truth:  connect   display

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object copy: true will clear the dacl to the dacl before disabling inheritance to
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  this function takes a decomposed dn as parameter and returns a single string of the parameter and word .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  decorator that get sensible only if argument is running .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  test the docinfo from the main models .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  inspect   post_save
truth:  inspect   metadata

test:  generate a path to all the root files .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  verifies that an operator is shown .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  for a password change .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   equalize
truth:  queues   email

test:  parse a histogram of document or stream .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   bump
truth:  parse   definitions

test:  assert that the gp_generation parameters used for a g .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  obtain a new application path to allow the user to use .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the filename of the bucket contents and cache it .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  signal a string representing a certain number .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  multiply   tell
truth:  multiply   signature

test:  create upload url for post form .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  create   escaped
truth:  create   post

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  ensures   define
truth:  ensures   path

test:  will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits sucessfully .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   childnodes
truth:  update   timestamp

test:  copy descriptor to a descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   killed
truth:  adds   network

test:  decorates a task status .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   inverts
truth:  update   statuses

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  return the cumulative frequency .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  returns true if n is an euler lucas lucas .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return true if desktop is old-style .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  detect   pulls
truth:  detect   null

test:  create a new url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  efficiently lin .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   flattening
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  execute a thats file on the minion .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  search   unquoting
truth:  search   environment

test:  returns the url to be escaped for the given user .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  generate   wants
truth:  generate   parts

test:  copy a file using the python interface .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  give a list of page where the user can get rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   outputs
truth:  give   pages

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  sets the arithmetic logic for the given refresh .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  adds a test based on an exploration template .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add features to a list of features .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  add   handle
truth:  add   features

test:  test that you cant add a file from each store .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary file system .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  bytes   extract
truth:  bytes   version

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   launching
truth:  paste   pipeline

test:  test %%prun with ipython special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  pulls   making
truth:  pulls   float

test:  write a value to a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   bench
truth:  write   value

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  pulls   hold
truth:  pulls   oserror

test:  change unicode string to printable or underscores .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  test   skips
truth:  test   connections

test:  load a file from a foreignkey format .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  returns true if the given string is gzip .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the segment is intersecting inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  notifies the correct python interface .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  generate the ssh key for the current thread .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  return webapp url of the webapp app the webapp timeout : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  return a list of names of all available requirements in the given namespace .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  allows a value to check if there are a user .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get a dictionary of name from the given response and mac address .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parse   scheduled
truth:  parse   hub

test:  constructs and returns an contents of a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  decorator to enforce read-only basestring .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  calculate and return the raw raw stems .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  decode a date into a boolean .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fixes python case of name .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the names of available ostypes .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   autoreleased
truth:  list   types

test:  checks if a condition is a valid condition .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   dictionary
truth:  check   condition

test:  add the server:port 5 at least two paths .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  powers up the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the guess function .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  given   rectify
truth:  given   parser

test:  returns true if code is a valid code .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  detects   batch
truth:  detects   code

test:  parses a str entry .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   inform
truth:  parses   entry

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  always predict .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  return the leading monomial of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  return the flag to check the value in an argument .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  attach response .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  attach   defines
truth:  attach   attributes

test:  gzip the data file from the given data using the gzip class .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  return from multiplied info .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  time scaling of the test stocenv: of a sound stocenv: hfreq .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  reads and returns a disk from a local one .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  returns a category structure to the given category .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  merge 2 .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  remove given app file for given project .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   polishing
truth:  removes   celery

test:  context manager to set all of the regions for the end of all code in the main dictionary .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  tear   identifies
truth:  tear   plugin

test:  get all the rows of a node with the given node .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  this takes a list of png macros and yields a fixed string .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  returns the chordal graph of the chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  remove a makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  calculate the tensorflow expression of cross-entropy of two distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  computes   feed
truth:  computes   entropy

test:  convert zero or pids .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  multiply   looking
truth:  multiply   operator

test:  helper function to get filename from a file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  retrieve   batch
truth:  retrieve   code

test:  a context manager that silences errors in a given message .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   ssl
truth:  context   errors

test:  convert a zero indexed row and column cell reference to a dictionary .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  reset git to the source .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  resets   authenticates
truth:  resets   working

test:  dipole of two images .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  pulls   partitioning
truth:  pulls   v

test:  test when you want to osram .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find a static file with name related to the given name .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  finds   flattening
truth:  finds   field

test:  return the common html data for the unity method .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  returns   mutate
truth:  returns   column

test:  format an int representation of a single number to a soundcloud number .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  convert string to array .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  returns the configuration of the rpm config .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  pulls   loads
truth:  pulls   changes

test:  default view for human readable site .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  configure   cut
truth:  configure   tab

test:  return the current idle time in the database .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  return   directed
truth:  return   delay

test:  swaps the afterward unify with two individuals .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  apply   colored
truth:  apply   operation

test:  a list of user_partitions that have the same certs as the replaced by the single input string .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  calculate   supports
truth:  calculate   text

test:  return the series expansion of the series .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  a function which takes python' .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  is   encapsulate
truth:  is   instance

test:  extract text content of an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  extract   preload
truth:  extract   content

test:  task time slot time .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  stop   mount
truth:  stop   task

test:  handle the subset of the subset of a subset of docs .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  add color of images to an image on a given image .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  encode the given http request .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  generates   standardizes
truth:  generates   byte

test:  get the service for the given account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  check if a user has edit a particular setting .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return hex color formats for a year of time .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  build   sanitizes
truth:  build   regex

test:  test the cifar-100 and make sure the main is not escaped .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  ensure   gzipped
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  constructs and configure an api call .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse a string containing the tokens from a list of tokens .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   obfuscate
truth:  parse   tokens

test:  numpy implementation of the t t by t and 3 .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  recursively sort lists of dictionaries as a .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  does   relies
truth:  does   logic

test:  get the first occurence of the other operation .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  convert a set of opitons into one of output .
truth: two branches . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a configuration file and return a configuration object .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return method function to get the current meth .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  return ndarray minus best transform of the logistic axis .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  subtract the local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   categorize
truth:  return   read

test:  convert a source file to a string .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   collects
truth:  parses   count

test:  year *val* by adding common to a year .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  return   cie
truth:  return   predicate

test:  load manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  update   inputhook
truth:  update   sys

test:  render a inlines .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  renders   escaped
truth:  renders   post

test:  list all the available state modules in an environment .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  change the owning group of this process .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  test   reviewing
truth:  test   num

test:  show and return information on the postgres info in raw_url_or_path: .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  determines if a renewal needs to be checked against one of the windows redirecting .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  gets a mnist .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   debugging
truth:  gets   dataset

test:  return a driver representation of b .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  raise assertionerror if f does not raise *exc* .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  determine   drops
truth:  determine   call

test:  return the number of nth primorial .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  emits a string or object this converts any comma separated into unicode .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  ensure   utf-8
truth:  ensure   argument

test:  test reactive rectpolygon attributes .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   vcs
truth:  test   reactive

test:  list masquerade bound to a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  read and return the contents of a file .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  do some work on a single document .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  normalizes   flow
truth:  normalizes   fields

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a single string that may contain any kind in the dictionary passed in .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  flatten   solve
truth:  flatten   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  turn interactive mode off .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  turn   created
truth:  turn   mode

test:  format an int in network form .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  a short style friendly modified if the matrix passed .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   deployed
truth:  test   symbols

test:  helper to scale an mri subject .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  assemble   repeat
truth:  assemble   scaling

test:  create a mine of rounds that is either 100 or a mine with the same results .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  get the ground logarithm of a given bounding as a float .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  es up an elasticsearch database .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  delete   filtered
truth:  delete   marker

test:  calculates the knn for a source factor .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   cover
truth:  calculate   weight

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  tests datetimes naive of a given timezone naive .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  reboot a specific domain cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  parses a single vector .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   looking
truth:  parse   operator

test:  given a directory .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  copy   crop
truth:  copy   directory

test:  optimized version of multinomial_logpmf .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask a user for {'yes' .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  square-free univariate polynomials over finite fields .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a list of random slices for the current tag .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  generate   sympy
truth:  generate   slice

test:  get the http context for the thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return lvm and address on each node cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  take a pem string and returns a pem object .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  encode   small_stmts
truth:  encode   line

test:  gets string for the current metric from the storage .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  run a command .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  run   disconnecting
truth:  run   sudo

test:  asserts that an region is valid .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  returns a summary to a temporary file on the resource .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  removes a url from the given url .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  write the log file into the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   reveal
truth:  pulls   sequence

test:  print an item to the build file .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  displays   urlencode
truth:  displays   item

test:  returns a string representing a human readable format .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  given   support
truth:  given   time

test:  check if we want to skip this module .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  hikkake pattern .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  modified   printed
truth:  modified   pattern

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   lets
truth:  select   handler

test:  and wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  pair a polynomial f in a vm .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  convert string to list .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  generate   sums
truth:  generate   expression

test:  computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  get root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  tries to wait for an element to become an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   equalize
truth:  load   email

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   randomise
truth:  sending   message

test:  return the virtual memory memory .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  create a list of bootstrap formatter .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  build   parameter_list
truth:  build   formatter

test:  insert a new pipeline into the data .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  extract the tag from sources .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  return an iterator over tokens .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  separate   looking
truth:  separate   operator

test:  abstract away canvas .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  redirects   access
truth:  redirects   url

test:  install a package with setup for it to a package .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  attempt to import the class by the given module path .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return the aws key to connect to .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  filters out the just after a given block .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  dont produce a bug .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   caused
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a specific ticket cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  submit a recaptcha challenge to the recaptcha error .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  set and function for the value of a given type .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  allows   offset
truth:  allows   parameters

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  summarize   simplifying
truth:  summarize   range

test:  returns the notes with all the notes attached to the given document .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  find   show
truth:  find   notes

test:  all functions defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  context manager that temporarily disable backprop .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  given a string and returns a numpy array .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  computes   ban
truth:  computes   probability

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read a gpio and port and port .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  set the header with verbosity scenarios .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  running   assume
truth:  running   header

test:  get a list of group groups for a given instance .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  gets   decide
truth:  gets   groups

test:  returns true if g is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   translated
truth:  returns   g

test:  this is a script to be run in an icon manifest .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  take   attempt
truth:  take   extension

test:  group the non-ascii of a stream .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  stream   enhanced
truth:  stream   object

test:  helper method to remove courses from a course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  removes   prettify
truth:  removes   process

test:  returns the url for a github external outgoing url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  bounce   access
truth:  bounce   url

test:  this function provides the context for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  build task to import of wheels .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  create   fail
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  get the docker client from a cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  open   unload
truth:  open   client

test:  extract host and after dumppacket fortt or none .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  given   press
truth:  given   hostname

test:  defines the user for invalid email address .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  determine   equalize
truth:  determine   email

test:  loads the certificate from a certificate and returns the certificate .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   detect
truth:  create   positions

test:  delete a post .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  if the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  returns the popup of the text in the widget .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  return an iterator over all requirement that are dynamically in a given directory .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  get the ovs host name .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  returns the score values .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  running "harvest" with wrong 3 command .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   lambda
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   enhance
truth:  iterates   items

test:  decorator which asserts that the decorated condition will be used if different .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  reverse   pickles
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove generated by the provided reduced and flat off .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  test updating the meta data of an existing cache file .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  helper method to write contents to disk .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  registers an image function to save the frames of a multiframe format .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  computes list of dictionaries for each header in a and b .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  pulls   targeting
truth:  pulls   backends

test:  find all the common entries in the given paths .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  clones an existing virtual machine template .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  instantiates   stderr
truth:  instantiates   machine

test:  get the trackmatch value of the loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  converts an opcode to a value suitable for oring .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  test that moto correctly fullfills a spot instance request .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  increase increase .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  list   allocate
truth:  list   user

test:  get the current idle database cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   mimics
truth:  get   activation

test:  return the handlers of arrays along flinalg on the connecting to the zeros of arrays .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  return   crack
truth:  return   _

test:  construct a elastic streamreader .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  were   suspend
truth:  were   closure

test:  return the image index page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  rule : seen_union stmt | const_list .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a single connected ordering of the graph g .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   concatenates
truth:  generate   ordering

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return a list of current port trees cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  commits outstanding changes .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clones   commit
truth:  clones   repository

test:  this is a string .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  manage   knapsack
truth:  manage   request

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  finds the proxies of the substrings in the combination of http/2 .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  returns a unicode string of unicode .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  try   supports
truth:  try   text

test:  custom method to wrap the git check for .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  check   prioritized
truth:  check   messages

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convert to enter facts using our external facts .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  checking checking for .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the gaussian kl divergence of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   express
truth:  computes   -

test:  sets the user in the course .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  returns true if the system can bind to _allocated_ .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  check   delayed
truth:  check   ipv6

test:  solves solves with previous slash .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test the compatibility of iba .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns a list of recommended for the specified user .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the name points to a clobber .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  checks   looping
truth:  checks   node

test:  test git with two "names" pointing to the same commit .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  git   fold
truth:  git   backend

test:  returns a context androids that checks if a user wants to the tenant .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return the dominating edge set of g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   pack
truth:  return   edge

test:  simple function to match dns keys in the dictionary of text patterns .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  computes the inverse of the image articles wrt to the underlying image .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  make   indicating
truth:  make   images

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  turn any run of c{bytes} into an ascii string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if test is installed .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a new .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  applies a diff on a separate bool on the c options .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  pulls   alteration
truth:  pulls   lambda

test:  test classification report with digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  split the list of files in the given directory f .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  retain media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  given a page consisting of title and determine if the page is a page .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  modify a new pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  creating new user .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  adds   generate
truth:  adds   users

test:  tests that fit_generator function is valid .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  tests   centers
truth:  tests   labels

test:  get acceptable value of acceptable .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  save a list to the given value .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  fetches a list of column based on the columns and column .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  convert a :class:~matplotlib object to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  convert a row to a flat row .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  based on the next tree size .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  pulls   retrieved
truth:  pulls   iteration

test:  cast a cython double cdouble to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  adds a route table to the specified table .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  replaces   bounds
truth:  replaces   table

test:  gets the environment pythonpath global environment variable .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns queue details of the / virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  return   enables
truth:  return   vhost

test:  validate and read the resource to the console .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  get the changed requirements .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  checks   loads
truth:  checks   changes

test:  get new visitors visits from google 2011 and save .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  test   target_expressing
truth:  test   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  returns a status code indicating a server name .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  configures the global configuration object .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  executes   solve
truth:  executes   settings

test:  try to check the pil data files .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  test to ensure that hugs range wrapper works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   teardown
truth:  tests   type

test:  get a batch of rpmbuild .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  pulls   injects
truth:  pulls   utility

test:  parse a string to a list of key .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   importing
truth:  parse   pem

test:  use the latest version of the database to retrieve all self .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  make   present
truth:  make   role

test:  download a piece of latest committed file from project .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   forced
truth:  download   artifacts

test:  decorator that reloads a method that is a tasks that is a static of the scope of the decorated class .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  behaves   checkout
truth:  behaves   way

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  concatenate elements in parallel .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  join   increase
truth:  join   nodes

test:  returns a string indicating the time timeval .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  creates a new instance for use with the given fields .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  this function wraps a wsgi application .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  check to see if a vm has a positive ip addresses are invalid .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  vms   squared
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity for nodes and weights .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  returns   expanding
truth:  returns   connectivity

test:  initializes a new api from the api .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a unique list of unique values for the given terminal .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  block two 32-bit value .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  push a queryhistory to the wsgi history .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  updates   remove
truth:  updates   history

test:  for program .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics about the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  this ensures that all of the duplicates are logging by the tests in the cluster .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  filter   ssl
truth:  filter   errors

test:  the inverse lookup voor should not change their .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  return information on all installed packages .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  show all information about an user from a user .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  creates a vector of shared variable representing the same dtype as shared variable .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  creates   transliterate
truth:  creates   variable

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add pillars output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  reboot a running system cli example: .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   grouping
truth:  reboot   system

test:  url endpoint for the successful app import correctly .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  optimizes the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  shows   shutdown
truth:  shows   tables

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  widen the carving of a gcode file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   del
truth:  raft   gcode

test:  return the path to the python build file for the given prefix .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  returns the most appropriate queryset of the model to connect to the queryset .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  function   widen
truth:  function   frontend

test:  returns true if the node is a bracketregion .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   min_dist
truth:  add   collar

test:  form of a univariate polynomial of cyclic .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  return the exponential correlation model:: theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  generalized   pushing
truth:  generalized   model

test:  output the json object describing a vm vm : string type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  lookup   populating
truth:  lookup   info

test:  creates the windows node .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  splits   define
truth:  splits   path

test:  parses a set union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   skip
truth:  parses   difference

test:  returns a review request .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  return output of python results extensions .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  find the closest matches in a 2d branch .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  get   detect
truth:  get   positions

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  unescape   flashes
truth:  unescape   characters

test:  returns context variables required by apps that use djangos auth .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  check to see if the folder exists in the folder of the folder containing the folder containing the folder in the folder supplied by the folder .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  check   suggest
truth:  check   folder

test:  quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains blanks in double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  converts a caller function into a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   reported
truth:  converts   function

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  run a function as a handler .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  test that all add-ons routes are not present .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  pull account from pull .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  be   rebuilds
truth:  be   scheduler

test:  get a hmac-sha1 of a certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get ancestor random parents of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  returns the release date from the xblocks date string representation .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  ns : string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password is present .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensures   terminate
truth:  ensures   password

test:  returns a list of natively from a single path .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  sample   algorithm
truth:  sample   points

test:  delete a default async object .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  check for a random valid statistic in the base64-decode class .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  model   pulls
truth:  model   null

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  close all cuda devices .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  clears   mark
truth:  clears   contexts

test:  test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 302 status code .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  helper function to generate an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns seqrecord with only one item and multi units .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  get the commit hash of a package .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  returns an int with direction for the given dataset .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  produces   pulls
truth:  produces   null

test:  return a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a list of field names and values for the user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  starting   lambda
truth:  starting   django

test:  evaluate a multivariate cauchy function along with svd and variance .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  generates   contructs
truth:  generates   sample

test:  verifies that certificate identifying a certificate request .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  returns   saml_artifact
truth:  returns   students

test:  converts obj to its proper sql version .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  takes a string like tokens and returns a dictionary of matching list .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   were
truth:  get   property

test:  validates that value is true or false .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  returns a row for the private row .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  pulls   domain
truth:  pulls   fetch

test:  retrieve a datastore blob from a datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  template   solve
truth:  template   settings

test:  calculate the reciprocal of square matrix x .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   switch
truth:  calculate   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  evaluate   sums
truth:  evaluate   expression

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   pulls
truth:  pack   null

test:  set discussions and configure cohorts for a given topic .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group snapshot .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  fast commit to cluster .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  commit   loads
truth:  commit   changes

test:  extract messages from a collection of object .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  load a csv file and return a csv encoded csv format .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  returns the bcaddress .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   carve
truth:  retrieves   word

test:  test that latex/aastex file with a prettified function .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  errors   ssl
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test question .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  makes sure an object is turned on a string .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  pickle   pulls
truth:  pickle   null

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   algorithm
truth:  transform   points

test:  make a connection to a specified ras .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   combine
truth:  make   transformation

test:  update the hold preferred time channel on the local node .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a list of tokens as arguments made of a single token each .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  atom   disable
truth:  atom   |

test:  ensure that the directory containing this path exists .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  create a new css gradient with a openbsd css gradient .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   multiprocessing
truth:  create   css

test:  get transformed path from attribute dictionary .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  returns form data for post .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  when the user enters the active loop that the loop of the stdin .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   forget
truth:  return   inverse

test:  this method returns an instance of the session associated with the given user_id .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  bitsource of how many points are loaded .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  produce   algorithm
truth:  produce   points

test:  test that the random bar bar nothing nothing come up to a short bar bar three nothing .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   bench
truth:  forces   value

test:  takes a list of tuples .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  converts   divides
truth:  converts   matrices

test:  md5 hash of string .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  using   communicate
truth:  using   md5

test:  get custom exceptions .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has publish rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  get a list of the locales that are global stored in the current database .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   talking
truth:  get   dict

test:  ireport basins .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  applies a 1d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   described
truth:  applies   convolution

test:  returns a dict with plugins that have been plugins .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  get   interpolated
truth:  get   plugins

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  set or specified cover tilt .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  compute indexing with a img font size .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write amf message to text .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  build a request map map for a single collection .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  download its urls .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  variation the refactoring of commit concat to reach a energy of commit points from the appropriate commit and send the existing commit .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  pulls   unescaped
truth:  pulls   entries

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the given context .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  check if the key exists in the gpg file .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  return an element of f from f .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   uncheck
truth:  subtract   element

test:  generate a random objects where wed get speed up the query .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  select   enhance
truth:  select   items

test:  download the original mnist tests .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  return spectral ordering of an undirected graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  update and updates a trailing vote of user modified vote .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  store   wheter
truth:  store   existence

test:  decorator for checking admin administrator access before executing an admin user .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs an interactive python shell shell on context of a given flask application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   generating
truth:  runs   shell

test:  returns true if the ipv4 address are valid .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  loads admin role in specified format and append to the network configuration file .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  read   suggest
truth:  read   folder

test:  returns the path of a directory .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  calculate the log likelihood of a qubit likelihood .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   restoring
truth:  list   data

test:  check version of bokeh .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  calculate the average exponential of the attributes of the input individual and standard deviation *sigma* .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  mutate   masking
truth:  mutate   strategy

test:  cli example: .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  returns true if data contains any of the string to be closed in a single string .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  detects   shared
truth:  detects   string

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   tear
truth:  logs   module

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test resulted without error .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  check appropriate sentence of the [-p equation is very main representation of the appropriate sentence example .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  this view shows the list of all users to search actions .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  list   retrive
truth:  list   checks

test:  extract a pair from a course label string .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  extract   catch
truth:  extract   course

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  tests whether a number is a valid number .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  determine   sparks
truth:  determine   number

test:  akin to shutils .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  merge   crop
truth:  merge   directory

test:  combining help page .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  creates the url for the given handler .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  take a list of polynomials and returns the result in x .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   compile
truth:  decide   documentation

test:  fake version of cfstr .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  provide the default activity for a group .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  determine   rising
truth:  determine   group

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  resultant   suppose
truth:  resultant   algorithm

test:  expression : expression + expression | expression + expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression | expression ** expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  given a playlist .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   flattens
truth:  format   output

test:  fail unless the name has all of its expected data .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  a function to enqueue a function to enqueue the args .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  yield all items in sequence are unique .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a base64 encoded password .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  wrapper around dump .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  raise an error with a logical formatted message and log it .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  performs the vigenère cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   sends
truth:  performs   encryption

test:  add instance_system_metadata indexes to the cluster .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   stores
truth:  add   name

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  get the network statistics of an interface .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  copies repository from a stream to a new stream .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  imports   restoring
truth:  imports   data

test:  a decorator that adds the default docstring to the autogen .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  autogenerated   pulls
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  compute singular values of f(s) .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  insert   divides
truth:  insert   matrices

test:  recursively ensure that all python files start with the given path .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  loads   authenticated
truth:  loads   everything

test:  this is a requesting user for an authentication provider .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  send a remote i{sigchld} or raise exception if not found .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  element-wise reshape .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   providing
truth:  reshapes   tensor

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   disconnects
truth:  find   dir

test:  agent edit .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of weighted samples from the given weighted distribution .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  takes   safe_octal
truth:  takes   class

test:  get a list of filesystem or general variables .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  adds a set of spelling in a set of spelling .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  adds   sleep
truth:  adds   files

test:  test that url only deprecated when an super is called .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  add a header to a string .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   backup
truth:  add   properties

test:  called when the process all .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  class decorator for concrete declarative implementations .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  return the permission setting for the given project .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   crack
truth:  parse   _

test:  shows a list of tasks .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get tox environment overrides for current environment .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  gets the common request body .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  creates   expect
truth:  creates   body

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  returns a list of all networks for the tenant .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   chisquare
truth:  returns   tuples

test:  compute a independence digest from rfc exporter .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  returns json representation of a datetime with the current date .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test installing from a file .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns a string of default backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  get   fold
truth:  get   backend

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  redirect to a custom room .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  enter   pulls
truth:  enter   null

test:  update the certificate symlinks file .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   scours
truth:  update   family

test:  returns true if the specified kernel is a python 3 .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  test to make sure that the tab table returns a single table with cube .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  simple dedent formatter that also strips text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   supports
truth:  dedent   text

test:  dump a list of packets .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   killed
truth:  dump   network

test:  returns {status 0/1 .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  return a list of unique elements in the input list .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  check   exposes
truth:  check   values

test:  get the first word in the split line .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   del
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   roundrobin
truth:  analyze   application

test:  return the albuminfo art archive object for maxwidth .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   recommended
truth:  fetch   art

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  compute the numel function of a gamma function .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  task used to send inbound message through router phases .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  retrieve   compress
truth:  retrieve   db

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of an mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  sort the longest list of longest based on the boolean value of the respect to the same number of values .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   blur
truth:  returns   ordereddict

test:  gets the rdm disk devices .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  gets   listen
truth:  gets   key

test:  returns a ceilometer configuration object .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  factor univariate polynomials in k[x] .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  print the host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  perform   decrease
truth:  perform   action

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   bounds
truth:  fill   table

test:  determine the user specified by the lti on the lti entered .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  function that returns a time in seconds .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  compares two polynomials .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  change   unescaped
truth:  change   entries

test:  test the specifics .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  display a list of profiles .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  check if ipython variables are currently on ipython .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  apply batch normalization on inputs .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if there is available for this document .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the hardware address for a given resource .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  separate unicode strings to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  create a new .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  returns   crack
truth:  returns   _

test:  perform a table of content .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  returns a rabbitmq python implementation .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a header and sha of obj .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  takes a date and a locale format .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  vertical laplace filter on an array of all zeros .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  turns a list of tokens or a list of tokens into an integer preferred value of tokens and check the expected value .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  send a message to systemd the 1) request .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  load an empty template into a template .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  send an event to homematic controlller .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert integer to an integer .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   dereference
truth:  return   width

test:  a function to wrap a bash shell .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  escape   learn
truth:  escape   quotes

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return the gravatar url for a specified 80 .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  gets   coefficients
truth:  gets   gravatar

test:  mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  creates a event object for a phantomjs event .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a binary hex representation of a readable hex string .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  formats   gauss
truth:  formats   strings

test:  calculate url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  import and return them .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   refresh
truth:  import   scripts

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  checks single header errors against the list of errors .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   stubbed
truth:  checks   headers

test:  compare two exceptions to allow interactive errors .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  rank a function .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   fonts
truth:  get   layer

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that have been decorated to skip because of a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  initialize scenario formatter according to the log file .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  convert a python string into the prefix .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  converts   flattening
truth:  converts   field

test:  get the public url for a given app from the database .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ensure that the named bookmark name is absent on the system force recursive : boolean value of destroy the dataset force : boolean try to destroy the dataset recursive :
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   referenced
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  remove leading whitespace from a text string .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the status code in redirect to the api .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   confirmed
truth:  validates   length

test:  render a formset to a bootstrap layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   grep
truth:  render   formset

test:  return an error message .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  attempt to detect the logs configuration files are configuration .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  detect   deflate
truth:  detect   config

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  check for otu maps file desired and two images .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  compare   kicks
truth:  compare   otu

test:  test that params to a docker params are preserved in a dictionary to pass to the environment variables that would give variables in the correct values are assigned to a
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  add a volumeservice field to a volumeservice field .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  add   r^2
truth:  add   form

test:  edit the document or analyze an existing document .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  handle   express
truth:  handle   -

test:  list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler to be stored as a missing for the task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   frees
truth:  list   folders

test:  cold all instances of a hypervisor .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  broadcast a remote method invocation with no return .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  invoke   located
truth:  invoke   method

test:  creates a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   unescapes
truth:  creates   rule

test:  c configuration .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  commits   loads
truth:  commits   changes

test:  create a brocade specific network/port-profiles .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  extract a connection .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  removes information about the first argument lines into a single line .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get from script or backward compatibility .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  parse an address specification to the packet which address can be redirected to .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  initialize   talk
truth:  initialize   packet

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  get   shed
truth:  get   exception

test:  rgb to hsv color space conversion .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  convert an value to its a byte string .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  list the listing of the filesystem .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the a*b*a matrix x and class of a binary matrix parameters x : writeme returns writeme .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  make sure that a gem source is present .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  set the host or list of hosts used for state to compute it .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  parse lists as described by contains_nan .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  returns   optdict
truth:  returns   lines

test:  validate a delimited list .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  yield file path .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  evaluate   ip
truth:  evaluate   paths

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator for checking if theres a default index argument .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  enable or disable an interface cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   embedded
truth:  enable   example

test:  get a logger for the given logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get the evaluated value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  extract the images into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  set and retrieve the header of the given document .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  creates   accentuated
truth:  creates   getter

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an instance of the minions .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  store   bcaches
truth:  store   minions

test:  if a message is a valid skype message .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  sending   exit
truth:  sending   handling

test:  given a directory path .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  decorator to prevent out the current task caches .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  remove gcd of f from f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  remove   corrupts
truth:  remove   terms

test:  returns the byte object of a byte string in the given file .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  returns the reverse primers id for the given primer id .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  return   occur
truth:  return   barcodes

test:  return the cumulative density function at *x*; mu and variance mu .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes the given entity .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  performs   activate
truth:  performs   delete

test:  register keystoneclient middleware options .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   forbid
truth:  register   options

test:  a regression test for web pi .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   optimized
truth:  test   script

test:  get exception data from the main loop .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  infer the value of the tag for this object .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  infer   offset
truth:  infer   parameters

test:  find a static file from a list of files .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  find   walk
truth:  find   dirname

test:  compiler factory .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  raise importerror if username does not contain importerror .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  prevent   decoding
truth:  prevent   lists

test:  test table columns based on values of columns .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  process the process .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  calling   reencrypt
truth:  calling   start

test:  this returns a raf of a descriptor or group depending on whether it has particular for each section .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  function performs excption identifier .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  function   controlled
truth:  function   identifier

test:  run the test as test client .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  generate weakly connected components of g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  add pid of a process .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  return a sorted list of jobconf for given key/value pair .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  wrap valid modules to a remote modules to load and data to a pwd .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   init
truth:  validate   modules

test:  convert a timestamp to a datetime instance .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given an email address .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  filter   maintain
truth:  filter   mail

test:  remove a port bound to a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   receives
truth:  remove   port

test:  restores a config file to the program .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restores   responds
truth:  restores   database

test:  can end and flood functions .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  ensure   borrowed
truth:  ensure   instances

test:  save the registry into the given registry .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   eliminating
truth:  save   cache

test:  returns a list of sequences and sequences from the given hsp lens string .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  fill   launch
truth:  fill   coordinates

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  render a warning environment .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  make an rgb color space of the given elasticsearch .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  creates   exhaust
truth:  creates   conversion

test:  plugin registration .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  uses   failing
truth:  uses   style

test:  return true if name is an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  database to database .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  gets the html page from a url .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  transform   access
truth:  transform   url

test:  setup virtualenvs .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  write and parsing stream and exit .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   plan
truth:  get   profile

test:  generate a list of pseudo-prime pseudo-prime pseudo-prime .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   proposed
truth:  generate   chain

test:  list the triggers of a task in the task scheduler .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  generate certificate certificates for students .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  request   pulls
truth:  request   null

test:  disable the state function or sls cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   broadcasted
truth:  disable   runs

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   offset
truth:  depending   parameters

test:  check the virtual server on the given service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  get the list of products for a collection of products .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  multiplies   smooth
truth:  multiplies   vector

test:  cast to unpickle string .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  patches such that the categories and session categories are not the weakly-defined .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  print   points
truth:  print   sub

test:  integration test for a label .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   hsv
truth:  test   grammar

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  resolve   define
truth:  resolve   path

test:  clear all of the *keys* from the given suite .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   binhexed
truth:  clear   tests

test:  get a unified diff of two arrays .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  repack an xpi if the path .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  safely remove file path .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure that the named alias is present .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  generate   printing
truth:  generate   locale

test:  print the message listname listname .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the status of a vm by its name .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  run a usage command .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  get a value from the database .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  access a new image data structures url .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  attempts   restoring
truth:  attempts   data

test:  get setting from settings .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  get   lambda
truth:  get   django

test:  merge multiple keys in extra format keys removing true/false .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  merge   review
truth:  merge   keys

test:  encode a string to unicode .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  takes   ensures
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse an argument out of a repository .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  splits   ayoung
truth:  splits   base

test:  computes password nonce .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  get the date with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an id key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   rect
truth:  get   work

test:  disassociate all defined fixed ips from host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  check whether a command exists .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  checks   flattening
truth:  checks   field

test:  descriptor to write fd to a file descriptor .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  write   parsefile
truth:  write   descriptor

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  extract a root key for a given key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  extracts   intialize
truth:  extracts   root

test:  updates updates exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  either add or update the given course update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  delete   highlights
truth:  delete   update

test:  create multivariate coefficients .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  generate   indicate
truth:  generate   polynomial

test:  returns true if given host id is available for the given host .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  remove all the data from a unicode string .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  convenience function to create a new default context with the current settings .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert a square matrix to a square color .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  test the ident .
truth: command history . 
test:  command   remove
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest end of the end in the begin .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   mounted
truth:  returns   end

test:  parse a --help key .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  convert image aspect to smallest_side aspect and height .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  resize   indicating
truth:  resize   images

test:  format a timestamp into a standardized timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test fit sample method with .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  check the volume pairs for p .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a directory for caching attached to the correct directory .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   cleave
truth:  return   providers

test:  validate a google app name .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  return the n-th coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  divide   imposes
truth:  divide   f

test:  wrap the event handler so they can be valid and end back to the user .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  endpoint   fitnesse
truth:  endpoint   events

test:  encode a packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  encodes   executed
truth:  encodes   dictionary

test:  retrieve a context associated with the given url .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  begin the restful interface for the courseware .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  render   preload
truth:  render   content

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   sends
truth:  encrypts   encryption

test:  create a continuous random variable representing a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if file exists .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  a scope to run a few pipeline .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  simulate   launching
truth:  simulate   pipeline

test:  get the score cmd for an episode .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the name of the bottleneck release that has a particular version .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  skip   pulls
truth:  skip   null

test:  get the close to be signal .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  extracts the global configuration variables from the given configuration .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  iterator   cause
truth:  iterator   option

test:  use the function-group function to add a test case .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  generate the correct file .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  run the absolute path of the executable and return its contents .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  freezing   calculate
truth:  freezing   windows

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  applies regular expression matching the model and return aff4 when the column was made from the given query .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  applies   sums
truth:  applies   expression

test:  returns all lambda function alias if not already present in lambda .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  finite-difference approximation of constant .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  use   skipped
truth:  use   use

test:  get a maximum of the paths with each component the respective components of paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  extract the raw filename from the given directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   updating
truth:  extract   archive

test:  convenience function .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets the unit name of a unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  removes all of the songs names in songs .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  return 2d proxy for the given enhancement .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  decides whether g represents a maximal matching maximal matching the g in g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a pound character (#) followed by a new random blank character string .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  runs services as a script against a given registry .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  handle   chew
truth:  handle   service

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   unparsing
truth:  create   git

test:  format a decimal timestamp to decimal according to the locale settings .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of the perfectly distribution .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  use   broadcasted
truth:  use   runs

test:  measures a generator according to distance separated by theta .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  order   pulls
truth:  order   null

test:  initialize python related is_scheme: .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  convert a time string to a tuple .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  store the given block array .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  store   urlencode
truth:  store   item

test:  train a models that invokes the given primaries .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  list the available services for the specified subdirectory .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return only data in a file-like object .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  insert   restoring
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  get the software service uid .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns a list of unique paths of paths .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  return   reallocation
truth:  return   collection

test:  context manager to make a temporary directory tempfile .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns system system info from a metadata or none if no system metadata .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  tickets page: displays all mass .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce the paired dataset .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  makes a format string .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  return a list with all named groups .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  validate the mailgun webhook .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send email users .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get the latest url for the page pages .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  return   documentation

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  discard   unescaped
truth:  discard   entries

test:  parses a single issue as a dictionary of information .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  apply the permutedims of a given expression to the form of the input n-dimensional .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  permutes   sparsedataset
truth:  permutes   indices

test:  create a set of cookies from one of cookies .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  add   unenroll
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a new tag to a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  return a set of plot commands .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  update an update .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  skip configuration variables to test if config variables .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  raise   freezing
truth:  raise   configuration

test:  encodes a str containing commas .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   compresses
truth:  find   statement

test:  callback to save signal defined in the event .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  check   matches
truth:  check   misc

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  validate single filters for this snapshot .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  validate   obj
truth:  validate   filters

test:  return x minus the window of *x* .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a integer from a string .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  convert   making
truth:  convert   float

test:  find an ordinary mode for the given data table .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  information about the registered session .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  test 3d separations .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  deletes the specified security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   rising
truth:  deletes   group

test:  return the natural downscale of the deprecated: line in two name-value .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  defines some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   translates
truth:  defines   flags

test:  decorate axes with its axes according to neighbor axes .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  initialize   support
truth:  initialize   time

test:  safely remove the directory resources/documentname/fn file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  renders the template and returns the resulting framework .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  this is a helper function to grab the first start alpha of n .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  checks   operate
truth:  checks   h

test:  recursively scan a list of modules and their callback applications .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   intialize
truth:  scan   root

test:  simulates gitlab-merge-request cache for whitespace or dependency .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  cache   step
truth:  cache   names

test:  retrieve preferred arguments by the given locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  check if sys .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  determine the maximum number of 8-bit 8-bit css .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  return   proxying
truth:  return   assets

test:  wrap the user to serve .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  test reading an data table with normal names and normal normal boundary .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  return the min cost of a network .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  find   runs
truth:  find   cost

test:  convert an ip address string to an ip number as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  append a text to the given text .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  append   standardises
truth:  append   period

test:  find the leftmost value in a less than or equal to x .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   bench
truth:  locate   value

test:  closes all review requests for the google code repository .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  parsing a string as a boolean .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  return an array of lists .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   vectorized
truth:  check   webapp

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  apply migrations for provider facts args: provider facts : existing facts to dict: returns: provider facts with aggregated aggregated option .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   object
truth:  apply   facts

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for each audio notification .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  move a host using a new microsite .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   preloading
truth:  move   host

test:  test the behavior of --uptodate --format=columns flags in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   switch
truth:  test   list

test:  returns a format format type for a specific module .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get a list of active locales of the config interface .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load if the snapper module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  home a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  add a new component of the specified page .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  convert string-like .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return a dict of dict of keys .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  send a track object from an echo nest track url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get float from the elementnode .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  creates type-specific entities into a datastore .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test using a reference [test implementation .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  test rotation of rotation and unlinks the same rotation transform .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  pulls   totodiles
truth:  pulls   machines

test:  gives an email to the selected xml output .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  aggregation dataframe to avoid categories for the dask dataframe parameters .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  convert   insure
truth:  convert   dataframe

test:  return the url to where git urls are encoded .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  return random string .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  generate   customized
truth:  generate   salt

test:  verifies that the version string is present .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  generate a primary key for a given hash .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  calculate   orthoganlize
truth:  calculate   hash

test:  returns a friendly ospfv3 that connects a expressions to the top verbosity .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  compute   sqlmap
truth:  compute   limit

test:  find the ancestor type of a person entity in the ou hierarchy .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the seuclidean distance between two vectors .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  return the minions public key fingerprint hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint cli example: .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  colorize text of the given color .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  pulls   detects
truth:  pulls   color

test:  round float using vertically amount of digits .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  send an email to the users notification emails .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  email   allocate
truth:  email   user

test:  set up octoprint operator for the difference of the software .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  usage: {{ rather than the given object .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simple function to return a gettext that can be used to perform a glob rule .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  pulls   tag
truth:  pulls   gettext

test:  get the list of strings that belong to a particular program .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  get   mark
truth:  get   contexts

test:  register an new writer excel .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  adds   mixed
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  do-nothing debug action .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send notification to min_ver notification backends .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   targeting
truth:  send   backends

test:  get an valid endpoints that can be endpoint to a endpoint .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  restores an state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   currents
truth:  restores   state

test:  start a gcode thread .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  return the pid of a given target .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a keyczar keyset to be used for signing and signature verification .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   splodge
truth:  returns   keyczar

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  get loop rotated from inside points .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  uses list to convert an item into a list .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  flatten   looping
truth:  flatten   node

test:  takes a set of paths and returns a set of paths to be returned by the test data .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  if the user has permission to access this page .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  remove a host from the specified host system .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   grouping
truth:  remove   system

test:  converts crypto meta to a form suitable for sending in a header of a header value .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  parse commandline entrypoint .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  returns the number of jobs to .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  read all python files in a directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  return   wheather
truth:  return   library

test:  construct unicode to utf-8 color array .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   forget
truth:  evaluates   inverse

test:  given a list of strings that can be stripped out of the given string .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  given   decoding
truth:  given   lists

test:  return the time of the given time zone .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  returns   zone

test:  test that the servererror uncpushd works .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  push   aff4_type
truth:  push   share

test:  return a temporary file that should connect to .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  return   skipped
truth:  return   use

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an artist key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   renders
truth:  get   series

test:  calculates the z score of each value in the sample .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   named
truth:  calculates   z

test:  helper method to get a list of cohorted and return the ones that are suitable for the given user .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  returns   rotated
truth:  returns   partition

test:  construct an entry from the specified location entry .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  sort   inform
truth:  sort   entry

test:  solves an order order linear differential equation with 1st of 1st coefficients using the method of 1st .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  generic function to find weighted graphs path of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  weighted   collecting
truth:  weighted   b

test:  loads a quadratic image from a file .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  creates   fileformat
truth:  creates   self

test:  the idea should be treated in one of the cms cache .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  invalidates   eliminating
truth:  invalidates   cache

test:  get an album candidates for an album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  search   decorate
truth:  search   matches

test:  convert the integer corresponding to a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  checks   smooth
truth:  checks   vector

test:  set a key/value pair in a key/value pair .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  remove data .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  set the username and password .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   decides
truth:  verify   sha1

test:  loads places from a key/value pair .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  find   files
truth:  find   check

test:  copy a sample file from one filename to another sample filename .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create the children of a process present in struct format .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  test whether we are using mtime to use .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   widening
truth:  set   location

test:  return true if user can view the given username .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  determine   wrapped
truth:  determine   permission

test:  provided media files of media in a schema .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  embed   sleep
truth:  embed   files

test:  delete document from document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  perform a user model backend backend .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  disconnects   pulls
truth:  disconnects   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ping the generator .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  print   stop
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that latex/aastex file system errors .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   doing
truth:  test   annotations

test:  returns the path to the naive value of a lets .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  returns a byte string .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  modify a table of precomputed information from the web adding a new operation .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  convert string into a human readable form .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  translates   hover
truth:  translates   bytes

test:  clears the cached cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clean   b1
truth:  clean   translations

test:  returns a string representation of the given datetime .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  train the number of indices that have been split on the input .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  construct dictionary of indices from string of keywords .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  deregister the check with the given agent using its id check .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  removes   files
truth:  removes   check

test:  check whether c is a file-like object .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  creates a new command to write to a file .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  a page must have a @for or a book .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  get the default main runner .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  updates a postgres user cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  deserialize any time from the model into a keyinfo dict .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  translate   restoring
truth:  translate   data

test:  gethostbyname_ex -> return the true hostname for host .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  require a user be refreshed after a rejected test .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  ensures   assign
truth:  ensures   requests

test:  returns the current configuration header for the specified build process .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  set the user-agent .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  raises   trivial
truth:  raises   connection

test:  returns the timezone in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  create an instance of the gax publisher api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  load only units .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  load   responds
truth:  load   database

test:  create linear bem for forward computation .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  create   decrypt
truth:  create   solution

test:  convert an image to a numpy array of uint8 format .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  given a attribute name .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  extract   mutate
truth:  extract   column

test:  add a rule to the @sopel .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  join   overrides
truth:  join   channel

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  push the block onto the specified block stack .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  open   converted
truth:  open   block

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model tphase .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  pulls   reconstitute
truth:  pulls   sound

test:  converts a bytes attribute values to a multiplier args: value : - a tuple of values .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  list grade users cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  numpy implementation of the sigmoid function .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  uninstall a specific plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstalls   identifies
truth:  uninstalls   plugin

test:  returns an undirected spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  issue a warning .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  returns the selected nodes in the given node .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  decorator for functional setup .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake participant .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  calculate the description of a service .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return a lots of the elements of the specified state in the given state .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   stacks
truth:  return   states

test:  get a list of queue() objects .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  compute heights chunk .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  computes   restrict
truth:  computes   array

test:  set the stubs .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  send locked or executes an error occurred to the locked error .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  called by an empty spherical service .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  take   flattens
truth:  take   output

test:  stringify utc date in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  time   shared
truth:  time   string

test:  create a group policy .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  convert a dense numpy array into the sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  purge all files found on the system .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  delete   disconnects
truth:  delete   dir

test:  prints the native tree for the given node .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   djangos
truth:  print   indentation

test:  clean up the cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  tab test .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  is   turn
truth:  is   case

test:  only only on utilityonlyworkson .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  load   encode
truth:  load   mac

test:  make sure the basics of the importer work .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  utility function to execute active java events from the classes passed as a single java .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  executes   initializes
truth:  executes   program

test:  install a package from a given file descriptor .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   lets
truth:  install   handler

test:  parse a channel mode string .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  return the 3-regular platonic petersen .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  waits for the socket to be overwritten .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  cleanup   unquoting
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph g with a random layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  check if input string is a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return a version of version .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  formats a task eta .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the unicode character and most appropriate for the encoding .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   evacuate
truth:  get   precision

test:  ensures that command can be refused when confirmation disabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  test x10 address validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  create a default attribute dictionary .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  factory function to create a new coolmagicapplication chain .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate an executable path .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  derive   define
truth:  derive   path

test:  register a plugin and merge them to an alternative .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  verify the line number of the message for the message containing the message .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  gets a cooked path -- a list of .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  index of highest value over a specified period .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  return a random integer with the given shape and seed of the corpus .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   temperature
truth:  parses   date

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  encode a python version as a string .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   extract
truth:  encode   version

test:  perform any dynamically load a wiskott .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  verify the setting for the heading take the submit and then the sparsedataset controller .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  verify   flow
truth:  verify   fields

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  get changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  test   forms
truth:  test   result

test:  invert a graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  inverts   publish
truth:  inverts   graph

test:  remove the session from the request .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  removes   exposes
truth:  removes   values

test:  retrieves the percentage of compressor text on the fileobj .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  return   unpatch
truth:  return   matching

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  parse the options and return a list of arguments .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  returns the gender for a given word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  test that a relatively can be updated with a earningsestimatesloader url .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  set the entire output of a task .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  set   guess
truth:  set   vars

test:  set or delete metadata on a specific image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   post_save
truth:  set   metadata

test:  convert a numpy array to the sympy mime type .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  create a authentication digest digest for a given credential .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  returns a dictionary for linode details .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  check response headers based on upload headers .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   stubbed
truth:  check   headers

test:  returns a ceilometer configuration object from the database for this tools .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  returns the representation of this namespace .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  return the router for an existing router .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   prepares
truth:  loads   router

test:  associate associate a report with a given id .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get all the ntuples for the given list of failures .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  give an image from serial transformations on a cost function .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return btrfs database cli example: .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  report   poll
truth:  report   versions

test:  builds a dict of the regex that match a emails .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this function takes a string and returns a single string which is the string in the string passed to the 5-minute .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  pad   summarize
truth:  pad   zeros

test:  creates a new extension with the current locale and m2 .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  format blocks of one block blocks .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  pulls   multivariate
truth:  pulls   blocks

test:  load config file and return a dictionary .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace all the data with a provided document from a dict with values .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  pulls   pass
truth:  pulls   document

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a l{scipy .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  given a loop and a loop with the same state .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  loop   currents
truth:  loop   state

test:  safely return a temp gui .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  meta index of data (and for text: .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  create   embeds
truth:  create   pandas

test:  return the value of a template that describes the template context .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test when we can write source file to a local file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  convert a field value to a base64 encoded format .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  parse a qiime uid and return a tuple of keyword arguments .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a list of types .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  gets   abandoned
truth:  gets   declaration

test:  get an email to the downloading of the recipients email .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  dummy method for raising errors when an error is raised .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  throw   shed
truth:  throw   exception

test:  a context manager to perform the previous variables to update the map with the list of variables .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   accept
truth:  context   env

test:  base64 decodes a single image .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  generate   forwards
truth:  generate   image

test:  injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   forgets
truth:  injects   filesystem

test:  determine the lower case of this protocol .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  build an executable in the current figure .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   wanted
truth:  builds   filename

test:  run the selected test suite .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  discover   binhexed
truth:  discover   tests

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  create a new cluster in the db .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get the table dos attack of a given interface .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load a configuration from a specified user .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  assumes the directory is closed .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  inverts   configured
truth:  inverts   tree

test:  decode a unicode uuid .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  decode   bartels
truth:  decode   contents

test:  set the current system via the user cli example: .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  authenticate against a comment and then split the comment .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  stores   iterates
truth:  stores   comment

test:  load and return the schema .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  returns the number of seconds that are not owner multiple threads .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  decode a string of bytes or unicode .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  apply post on an expression .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  checks the right right mapping file for the specified barcode .
truth: gets header . 
test:  gets   assume
truth:  gets   header

test:  given a string name .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  returns a multivariate by" string from the given message .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  extract   revoked
truth:  extract   details

test:  infer a assname/assattr: name for the given function .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   stores
truth:  infer   name

test:  determine the absolute path for a given version to the mercurial repository .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  maps the prim to the prim pipeline .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  works   migrate
truth:  works   systemd

test:  get the unquoted .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   disabling
truth:  generate   filenames

test:  adds a header value to the scattered of the header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  utility function to cancel a series of mapping views .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  cancel   pulls
truth:  cancel   null

test:  given a class instance .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   archive
truth:  return   member

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  get a list of attachment specs .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  parse a date/time string and return a datetime object .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  tries   support
truth:  tries   time

test:  get the gcode files which are unique .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  given a request object .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  extracts   backup
truth:  extracts   properties

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   error
truth:  pair   bracket

test:  receive and convert data to a previous one .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  convert the given answers to its 3 id .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  convert   based
truth:  convert   address

test:  behaves like cyclicly .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  surround   preload
truth:  surround   content

test:  parses an entry from a dictionary of files that can be parsed at given a dictionary of texts and return values .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parse   inform
truth:  parse   entry

test:  sca the figure and fly for a successful figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  call fbater need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/rg_convert_lped_fped .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  get all available regions for the aws awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  delete a exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  discretize gaussian modes with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  pulls   imagine
truth:  pulls   modes

test:  list all serial lines of a particular device .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  returns   igor
truth:  returns   device

test:  list all available package upgrades .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   intialize
truth:  find   root

test:  helper to get request or proxmox class from the given user .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  run a shell command on a remote host .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  invoke   generating
truth:  invoke   shell

test:  lists wiki documents needs a review tag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   retuned
truth:  lists   revisions

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  convert a string to a boolean that can be a truthy .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test interpolated vt102-compatible int .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   replay
truth:  test   chart

test:  load the data modechoice data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns a list of access sandbox that the ids .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  returns   proxying
truth:  returns   assets

test:  test python package .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  used to test data from parent directory .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  renders all the url of a follow on the page group .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   access
truth:  renders   url

test:  command : data .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  verifies the cypher with the given key .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  preprocess an expression into a list of expressions .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  prepare   craft
truth:  prepare   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  checks if the user has access to the same site .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  signal for an upgrade .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  used   label
truth:  used   custom

test:  compute the clip approximation to the given image .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the comments string of a remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  returns a validator that can be used as a validator .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  get   pipe
truth:  get   validator

test:  returns the timestamp from a timestamp object .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  like the websocket .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  rewrite   currents
truth:  rewrite   state

test:  declare image by applying image with provided w .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  update   forwards
truth:  update   image

test:  normalize the named group from the system to track and then deprecate .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts an iri to a native object .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  test a line of an empty dimension with a line .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find qa for the given comment .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return environment variable name for current environment .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  retrieve   unquoting
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  to get an oauth url .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  builds   guvectorize
truth:  builds   oauth

test:  generator for a token token .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  creates a security group .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  tokenize a piece of text into utf-8 bytes .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  tokenize   supports
truth:  tokenize   text

test:  read a histogram file and return results .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   hits
truth:  read   filter

test:  retrieve a new notification inbox for the given inbox .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  function   flip
truth:  function   python

test:  bind all [x]html data to 5 .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  ensure   restoring
truth:  ensure   data

test:  convert an 4-element form to a craft object .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  check   twitter
truth:  check   auto

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   preprocess
truth:  returns   networks

test:  returns a dictionary of data that can be inserted into videos .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  convert an email address from the given string to an ipv6 address .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  construct   containing
truth:  construct   ip

test:  get the name of the machine .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   union
truth:  get   domain

test:  compute the vector of a matrix norm of a vector a and raise an error .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  pauses   satisfy
truth:  pauses   container

test:  simplification on a sorted array .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  make   cleaning
truth:  make   matrix

test:  completeness the predicate and save the result at once .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  run doctest on pyproj .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  run   prettyprint
truth:  run   examples

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get name of a text file .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  start a canonicalized application with a partial file .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  generalized   pulls
truth:  generalized   null

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  parse a vm .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  demo   indicating
truth:  demo   images

test:  custom exception handler for against an event handler .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  returns a dict of features that have been features .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  list   handle
truth:  list   features

test:  score can be create a score with a score .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  constructs   initialise
truth:  constructs   layers

test:  return path to the directory where [base files are placed .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  generate   disconnects
truth:  generate   dir

test:  return true if the named vm is running .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  the smallest element of a sequence .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   invalidates
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  repeatedly applies a text file system .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  pulls   rabins
truth:  pulls   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  decide if this is a waiter .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  expands items from a json sequence .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  creates a new structure of structure structure .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  creates   resample
truth:  creates   directories

test:  keyword arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  compute cross product between two quaternions vectors .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  cross   landing
truth:  cross   sum

test:  add indices to every reset port details .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  add   revoked
truth:  add   details

test:  load the cpunish data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   pinned_array
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  test the classifier using the classifier .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is a valid python target .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  swaps the matrix along with each curve curve in the x .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  encode the remote logging .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  lists all users cli example: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  change sitewide install and add a file .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  test if the object is an gradient gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  decorator to patch subclasses of an instance of a function .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  add   located
truth:  add   method

test:  decorator to enable argument to be run in pillow tests .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture for all dtypes .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  backwards compatibility are not needed .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  pulls   extracts
truth:  pulls   socket

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  asserts that the supplied cli interfaces are not valid .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  verify   instantiate
truth:  verify   arguments

test:  sets the file system path .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  matches   allocate
truth:  matches   user

test:  this should be used as an instance of a lazy cache .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  be   pulls
truth:  be   null

test:  service : service identifier { enum_seq } .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  recursively write all files in a directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  writes the ordered choose to xspf two tuples of [batch_size .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  send   switch
truth:  send   list

test:  gets the specified user with the given user_id .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  run an image on the contents of a file .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   knapsack
truth:  upload   request

test:  converts text to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  returns length of raw barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  split   reveal
truth:  split   sequence

test:  delete user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  expand absolute path into path for storing file .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  checks whether user can push translation repository .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  filter out private token from the provided token .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  test serie iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  import kit csv file into csv format and backends import csv file .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   been
truth:  import   format

test:  generate a new base32 key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   skipped
truth:  generate   use

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  checking checking directories .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a resource to be a resources .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  note: this function is designed to get functions and does not return a string .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  repack content from a repo .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  return the module name of a comma-separated .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  assemble   pulls
truth:  assemble   null

test:  convert the given ctypeobj to a ctypes type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  simple test showing how to create a lazy library that was created from the log file .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  test   aliased
truth:  test   json

test:  flow to the main event loop .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a tuple containing the version number .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  retrieves a a a call to a matlab-style object .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  loads   freezing
truth:  loads   configuration

test:  return available images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  return the magic number of interfaces .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  get   transliterate
truth:  get   variable

test:  test there are there .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  pulls   appends
truth:  pulls   add

test:  given a list of integers and a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  find   reserve
truth:  find   subgraph

test:  return all elements of a sequence .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  turns a list of tokens into separate tokens .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the start and end pointer of a collection .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  validates the provided string representation of an ipv6 address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  parameters galaxy_test_file_dir - get the localizable attributes of an object .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  test_expr -> bool return the bool bool that applying a weak defined by to_tree .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  generate   associate
truth:  generate   expressions

test:  break the pairwise matrix x as vectors .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  handle   turn
truth:  handle   case

test:  get simple path to a simple folder .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  splits   utf-8
truth:  splits   argument

test:  get the creation time of the volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  extract   support
truth:  extract   time

test:  check for correctness of two configuraiton and loss are same as loss for correctness .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  ensure tool errors in lint format .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  ensure   inquire
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  like ofs_nbits .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  decode base64 encoded value .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  encode html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   connect
truth:  encodes   entities

test:  determine if the tuple in a color is an ipv4 or a color manner .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  add doclist .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  extracts   deployments
truth:  extracts   sources

test:  this function performs messages on the appropriate messages from the given base messages .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  return true if path is a symlink .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  returns true if g is a isolate .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  determines   looping
truth:  determines   node

test:  test process offset of process .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  returns a trainer extension to take a snapshot of a given object .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   extension

test:  return a list of absolute path arguments .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read text from file return its contents .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   project
truth:  return   ascii

test:  call signature:: polar make a polar plot .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  make   memoizes
truth:  make   plot

test:  decodes the event class to be eval() .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  create custom metric descriptor .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  this is a helper function which turns the keys and whether or not .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  return   polynomials
truth:  return   codes

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  run all the auditors .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute spatial connectivity for a given cluster .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  update a basefont with the values .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  return the first one-way from the function .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the pioneer .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  get the locale from the main locale .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  make   changes
truth:  make   languages

test:  migrates blank node .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  migrate   sleep
truth:  migrate   files

test:  returns a list of comments to group space according to status .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   dataframe
truth:  get   comments

test:  get variables with a particular type .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  adapt   flattens
truth:  adapt   output

test:  controller to handle restful crud parameter for a given record .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  search environment variables in an environment .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  executes   flip
truth:  executes   python

test:  get the custom oauth code for this service .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  obtain   scop
truth:  obtain   token

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   unenroll
truth:  test   cookies

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   been
truth:  check   format

test:  given a list of programs .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   deduce
truth:  return   programs

test:  escapes % characters .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  yaml: whitesource publish trend reports to generate fingerprints as jenkins .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  creates a packed random format useful for a dense array into an uint8 format .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  packs   eliminates
truth:  packs   elements

test:  get a list of dicts .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  generate   fragment
truth:  generate   report

test:  get the inverse of a form with the given form .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  given a module name and a dict .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  does all keys in a dictionary .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  determines   search
truth:  determines   d

test:  create an identity hash for the given tenant .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   generating
truth:  communicate   shell

test:  validate that the given json textbooks is a set of unique values .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   supports
truth:  validate   text

test:  decorate all the nodes in the given node to the specified depth .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  function   push
truth:  function   depth

test:  construct a signal from epochs .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  reconstruct   dumps
truth:  reconstruct   signal

test:  calculate the given data for a given body .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  determine if the number of changed files are changed .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  get all extra specs for a flavor flavor .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  print an html snippet to stdout .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return a node with search data or its registration or "icons:basename .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   skipped
truth:  serialize   use

test:  assumes that the first column of the first kind .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns the maximum of a csr or csc matrix along an axis .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the power_exp hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  returns the vdot product of a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  accepts a textual representation of an author .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  generate an md5 hash with the given encoded and return its encoded representation .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  receive   review
truth:  receive   keys

test:  to use the device using the device and add to each component parts .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  get the list of files that belong to a specific config file .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get saml provider document cli example: .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   embedded
truth:  get   example

test:  generate a random k-out array with the given shape and shape .
truth: like rand . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the description for a http code .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return true if isgitlink is from a fifo .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  check   created
truth:  check   mode

test:  log info .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  tokenize text in a given stream .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  generate a bunch of tuples that are not a particular method .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  pre-process pre-process widget by name .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  populates   flow
truth:  populates   fields

test:  convert a javascript translations to a dict for ones that can be used as parameters .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a valid trace as a dictionary .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  child child process names .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  pulls   explode
truth:  pulls   processes

test:  adapt the destination elements of a function/class field .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  map   localize
truth:  map   reference

test:  returns a string to be used as an absolute path .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  extract the external message container details from a comment .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  inspect   satisfy
truth:  inspect   container

test:  build the routes for a given interface cli example: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  add   refresh
truth:  add   scripts

test:  construct a set of dictionaries containing the same dimension in order .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  converts a dictionary of dictionaries to a dictionary .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  take   forbid
truth:  take   options

test:  get a the block until an instance was ready to authenticate node .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  blocks   center
truth:  blocks   ec2

test:  get the number of digits that are 16-bit .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  check   linkify
truth:  check   integer

test:  prints a list of information criterion and the image part of a given context .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  render an errors form **tag name**:: **parameters**: form the form errors this is to be rendered in the template type of the month used in the form type and is
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  dump all profile attributes to a resource .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dumps   solve
truth:  dumps   settings

test:  add rotation element to xml element .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert a datetime .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  extract the images into a numpy array with the images into the numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  decorator for setting dirty changes to a test case .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  returns the contents of a string into a valid configuration file .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  returns the mock client that expects the user this is currently being able to look up the request object .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  return a boolean representing the open file parameters fp : str the file containing the filepath to the filepath -- the route file .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  pulls   marathon
truth:  pulls   opening

test:  formats a string as json for use in pythons mimetype .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  convert a separator separator into a string .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  start watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  stop   retuned
truth:  stop   revisions

test:  execute a command and read the output as yaml .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  check if options .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  extract the gradient of nodes from a sympy expression .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   revert
truth:  extract   i18n

test:  returns the cached cached trees for the current cached queryset .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  takes   offer
truth:  takes   queryset

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  gets the value of a configuration key .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a sequence for the main function for the given keyword arguments .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  add http user using the htpasswd command .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  delete   allocate
truth:  delete   user

test:  expression : name equals expression | expression .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  show the information of the named notification cli example: .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  return any optional timestamp information in the request .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a input source to the full path if the function is not already in the regex that matches the input .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  expand   sums
truth:  expand   expression

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the difference between the segment where the segment are in the segment .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  takes a set of paths and create the global search paths and attempts to search for viewfinder library .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  given an instance of the configurations for enrollments .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run a sequence of assets for given addon .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  delete   proxying
truth:  delete   assets

test:  test that defines a finder only accepts data and data .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  setup   embed
truth:  setup   logging

test:  gets any number of blog posts that are migrated to provide the blog categories with a context variable .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   act
truth:  gets   categories

test:  return a list of the names of names that are sorted from the given list of names .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  determine   allocate
truth:  determine   user

test:  read bitpacked and untar bytes from the given file .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   exposes
truth:  read   values

test:  serialize the avatar url into a avatar url .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  reset the state of the docker settings .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  populate   pending
truth:  populate   default

test:  represent an object as a 16-bit string .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  write header .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  approx approximation of the leading monomial approximation to compute the approximation of a quality .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 lists recursively by dictionary .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  computes the exponential mean nodes of the matrix n and the discrete fourier transform .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  copy a bucket from one s3 location to this bucket .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   enhanced
truth:  copy   object

test:  tests that the tpot cli interfaces tree can be compared .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  tests   configured
truth:  tests   tree

test:  creates a message with the private key prefix and dump context .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  change   rescales
truth:  change   event

test:  get the test address for the signal .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  build   encapsulate
truth:  build   instance

test:  get redis key value from a redis hash cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  creates a test user with super permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  check for a given old modules listed in the build .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  rebuild   exposes
truth:  rebuild   values

test:  forces a comma to read the restful hmac .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  returns a qt application instance .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  const_map_item : const_value : const_value .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns generator that yields loaded rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  yields   put
truth:  yields   rules

test:  generate a unique header length of n .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  on a file in a directory .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only load if the ipset module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  test happy path of decoding to native strings .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  generate a certificate of current certificate domain to enable the certificate to the given domain .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   producing
truth:  generate   certificate

test:  splits an iterator into multiple sub arrays .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  get a console configuration backend for a test backend .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  evening star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  pulls   pressing
truth:  pulls   cover

test:  create new .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  coerce   presents
truth:  coerce   mapping

test:  create new content with the whitespace and categories .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   combined
truth:  converts   ipv4

test:  add square from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  creates a thread for the current thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  creates   vms
truth:  creates   thread

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a spam labeled constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  deactivate pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   colorized
truth:  deactivate   context

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  return linode status of this process .
truth: get status code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  ensures that when stripe is deleted .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  pulls   l{twisted
truth:  pulls   subscription

test:  read an ubuntu-based file .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  call to start and starts the service .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  pulls   paginates
truth:  pulls   queues

test:  test refreshs raised if set .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  load   tag
truth:  load   gettext

test:  dumps text along a single diff .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  return a datetime object for the given hour .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  create   childnodes
truth:  create   timestamp

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   call
truth:  return   docstrings

test:  temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert it .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  mount a partition to a server .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   forgets
truth:  mount   filesystem

test:  removes the current exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a list by the given phases .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  check whether django-storages can be run on this command .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  adds a new plugin class to be used as interval for changing the plugins to be referenced .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  get the url to be the underlying with the specified user .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  request   access
truth:  request   url

test:  return list of texts for tags in the string .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse nested comment comment .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  expr   tz_localize
truth:  expr   seq

test:  builds the string containing the list of tokens .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  transforms   accounted
truth:  transforms   sign

test:  create a 301 cell .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  create   computes
truth:  create   cell

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  get all rules for a given security group .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  divide list of tuples in a 2d list .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   falls
truth:  yield   max_rows

test:  update a remote draft back to the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  sync   expands
truth:  sync   draft

test:  put a data structure back together again .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  put   access
truth:  put   url

test:  encrypts into new journal file .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  encrypt   labeled
truth:  encrypt   file

test:  training controller - used for searching for participants .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   extract
truth:  training   version

test:  returns whether to send to vehicle .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  i-th should publish_display_data on random operation .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  ensure   break
truth:  ensure   operations

test:  send a message to logging .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   unload
truth:  send   client

test:  adds a rule to the desired configuration state .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  checks   unescapes
truth:  checks   rule

test:  represent a summary of restful crud list until it succeeds .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  customize   plan
truth:  customize   profile

test:  redirects the specified location to the location using http location .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return a hashlib value .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  extract metadata from the given action alias .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   allocate
truth:  extract   user

test:  decorator for marking evironment dependent filters .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  construct a ccx of all of the current course on the course model that modify the current request to this ccx .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  works   overlay
truth:  works   func

test:  test %%prun with nvars format_argspec_plus .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  reset   makes
truth:  reset   namespaces

test:  return a wsgi application .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  creates   roundrobin
truth:  creates   application

test:  train a transformation matrix of the execution of a matrix note: this function is a wrapper around the interpreter .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   outset
truth:  train   classifier

test:  send the you after the process .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns list of users with the admin admins .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  find and return a vm by id .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  domain names in a domain name .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  unquoting   reported
truth:  unquoting   function

test:  send e-mail when a user has changed .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  data requesting to be switched after a function .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  computes   restoring
truth:  computes   data

test:  click a click to the element .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  add rack holes to vector3rackprofiles .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  search for bitmap .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  abbreviate   carve
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return threshold value based on a threshold using pkcs#1 .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  applies   rrmgr
truth:  applies   threshold

test:  return a list of sorted pickle-able object .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  get   pick
truth:  get   callback

test:  create a new permission grant and add it to a provided role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   wrapped
truth:  create   permission

test:  flatten a nested dict converts a dictionary to a single level flat dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats a timedelta to make it readable by a timedelta .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  format   skipped
truth:  format   use

test:  yaml: timestamps adds support for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  pulls   exercise
truth:  pulls   timestamps

test:  returns a list of networks from a xml file .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   publish
truth:  load   graph

test:  returns a list of all languages bidi .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  returns   languages

test:  run a process and waits for it to be run .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read image data from binary data file after qt .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  read   forwards
truth:  read   image

test:  create a "add from the response .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  returns   yamlify
truth:  returns   rrset

test:  main function for combining fasta files from cluster .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  test if typing ordinals failed in the same list typing .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  run a wnb server .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  given a path to a list of paths .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  no longer used .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  returns a string with a given unicode .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  set the jinja environment for workers and loader .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  create   masks
truth:  create   jinja2

test:  log an iterator .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  server   decorating
truth:  server   log

test:  returns a a a unique id of the given token .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  extract the existing invite modeladmin .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  sending   pulls
truth:  sending   null

test:  get the default domain name and domain to use as a user .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  gets   enhanced
truth:  gets   object

test:  print a list of all virtual nodes on the system .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  rename a document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   pass
truth:  rename   document

test:  coerce value to a given json string .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  convert string into imap .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  convert   translates
truth:  convert   flags

test:  load the coverage from a coverage .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  run session between server and client protocol instances over tcp .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  return the user diff of a module .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  get the complex range .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  encode bson .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return an iterator containing all elements of a sequence .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  return indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  update the parent status of the parent field .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   pass
truth:  update   document

test:  validate cls against a json instance .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  validate   restoring
truth:  validate   data

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  returns all betweenness path between sources and all nodes in the graph .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  helper to run a utf8 unit on a ticks .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  loads all modules from all minion .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   caused
truth:  write   return

test:  checks if an object is a known known type for a known type .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  modify a cache cluster to a group .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  update   joins
truth:  update   cluster

test:  takes a projection object and returns a dictionary .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  back slashes need to be escaped in item args .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  replace   flip
truth:  replace   python

test:  decorator for filters which is used from the ftp of the given controller .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  coerce value to an object .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  setup the firetv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   m
truth:  setup   tv

test:  register a colormap map .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  add   gather
truth:  add   colormap

test:  describes each axes in a time .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  backwards compatibility .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  generate arma impulse on an arma process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  return a validate validate that can safely be converted to a topic .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  tracker track after user turn .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  called   rising
truth:  called   group

test:  test httprpcserver .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  test   singular
truth:  test   volumes

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an array of masked array .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  masked   confirmed
truth:  masked   length

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   waveform
truth:  print   products

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  get authentication token for given host and port .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns the main representation of provided addresses .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   source
truth:  make   overlay

test:  converts s to int or equivalent .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  stringc encodes text .
truth: string in color . 
test:  string   detects
truth:  string   color

test:  generate a timestamp in the database by type .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  list all vms for this vmware environment to be used to list vmware environment to list vmware environment for all vms nodes .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  attempt to parse a 32bit line from a string .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  return version of revno .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  fixture to route only accept secure .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  like   unlinks
truth:  like   fixture

test:  log an agreement in the meetinglink .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  log   consisting
truth:  log   link

test:  return true if object is an instance of the given object .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  checks if the process has ubuntu permissions .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  convert a color to a pushover ip address string .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  start the active signal to start config .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  convert integer to an integer or a number .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  compute the number of roots of f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test packagefinder up to end with all wheels .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  parses a payload field and returns a tuple .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  unregister a previously registered serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   enter
truth:  unregister   serializer

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   insures
truth:  set   projections

test:  coerce value to an existing variable .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  default   labels
truth:  default   transform

test:  write the special number of pnm writes a list of pnm .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  unsubscribe a list .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  unsubscribe   switch
truth:  unsubscribe   list

test:  returns a list of power of g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  returns   grant
truth:  returns   power

test:  download translations from bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  download   b1
truth:  download   translations

test:  return a list of ips for a linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  display box attributes .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  given a directory .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return the year for the given locale .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  get   canonicalize
truth:  get   unicode

test:  return an sqlalchemy about a user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  execute all tasks whose tasks have running on the timestamp between all tasks and time .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  starts   shift
truth:  starts   tasks

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  orders   allocate
truth:  orders   user

test:  add the given mean to the mean of the latex .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  accept   bench
truth:  accept   value

test:  retrieve the oauth client object from the secrets database .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  initializes   search
truth:  initializes   d

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the parent as the object to function .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  generates a flat list of presigned instances for a given model .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  builds   access
truth:  builds   url

test:  return the first id of the given lines .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  list all running agents .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  t -> str extracts the exponent and spaced coefficients .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  serialize a transform transform into a list of numbers .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  reserializes   restoring
truth:  reserializes   data

test:  the importer using user-defined module types .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for estimating gammamomentcond .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  a python object for testing .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  default locale handler .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  were   pulls
truth:  were   null

test:  allow view to be accessed by anonymous users .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  allow   usage_key_string
truth:  allow   view

test:  returns true if line is blank or false .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send a profiling process to your system .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  test installing from reqs to install .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  upgrade   labeled
truth:  upgrade   file

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   retry
truth:  create   subnet

test:  computes the cityblock distance .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  recursively delete all of the internals .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  set   separated
truth:  set   aes

test:  a context manager that adds the given block input and the instance_disk_info function to see if the contextmanager is at exit .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  patch   batch
truth:  patch   code

test:  return list of length n from ndb .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  draws   contructs
truth:  draws   sample

test:  guess and decode the unicode string from hex .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  processing   freeze
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  get the window with an index logic .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  registers an email address .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   expect
truth:  return   body

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  check   assign
truth:  check   requests

test:  vector of a sentence .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  sum   estimates
truth:  sum   squares

test:  decrypt a aes with the aes .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   restoring
truth:  decrypt   data

test:  get warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  get   stopped
truth:  get   statistics

test:  given an identity identity .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  parameter_type_list_opt : type_qualifier .
truth: empty : . 
test:  empty   pulls
truth:  empty   null

test:  creates a filepath of inter-community threads of the graph containing tests .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  construct   publish
truth:  construct   graph

test:  assert all finite constants .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  throw   expr
truth:  throw   valueerror

test:  unquoted unquoted .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  remove   shared
truth:  remove   string

test:  given a course access .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  process errors from a private packet and return a dict of active errors .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  calls another decorator to handle object(s) .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  function   relies
truth:  function   logic

test:  convert a taguri .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  send   fixes
truth:  send   manager

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  add the given fake groups and the optional fake groups .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  data list of all the query data .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  startup   lstrip
truth:  startup   set

test:  determine if a loop is inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   kill
truth:  given   datasource

test:  get a schema to connect to a specific user .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  test   parameterize
truth:  test   integers

test:  determine if a path is crossing inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  returns the file encoding needed to read the file from a unicode file .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  try   unifies
truth:  try   encoding

test:  get a list of current python magic directory .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  determine   imageidfield
truth:  determine   debugging

test:  given a field instance .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   shut
truth:  returns   checker

test:  update the named ports with the specified ports .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  set   edit
truth:  set   ports

test:  just like imported points .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  remove   downgrades
truth:  remove   point

test:  get current umask .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  gets a comment and the given request and comment_id .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  retrieve   iterates
truth:  retrieve   comment

test:  migrate database to version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  mock secure exchange .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on windows using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  decode a string in the series/index by indicated subpath .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  try to fix a best name into soup .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  gets the url for a given python dict .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  view helper function to email signals .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  split a path in root and extension .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  parameters m2m .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   display
truth:  test   print

test:  copy a file from the provided session to the console .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  redirects   feeds
truth:  redirects   stderr

test:  checks if dipy is not found .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test whether the assumptions was embedded .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  gets the list of maintenance script belonging to this database .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   reencrypt
truth:  get   start

test:  create the file contents .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  check if the open key starts with the given text .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  recursively convert tokens in token to strings .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether or not the email address should be placed .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  get the version of git .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  browse path to build the page at the root of the root page .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  open   equate
truth:  open   browser

test:  determines whether the api is supported to be supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  returns the application with the given head and the rest of a template .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  function   offset
truth:  function   parameters

test:  consider an expression constant when normal operation .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   responds
truth:  queries   database

test:  attempts to find bc in a given sequence of sequences .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the page listed in the cocoa .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  returns a home page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  named   usage_key_string
truth:  named   view

test:  make a test suite for unittest .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  visit   carry
truth:  visit   test

test:  return a list of submodules to all the absolute paths in the video folder .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  this calls the windows regqueryvalueex function in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  calls   calculate
truth:  calls   windows

test:  returns path to resource name .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  perform morphological nl on an image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  serialize an error preferred representation to requesting if found .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  serialize   encapsulate
truth:  serialize   instance

test:  tests retrieving a ipython resource from the api .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  tests   dos
truth:  tests   search

test:  ensure that tabbing after ident .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  rendering   regroups
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset network to server .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   clones
truth:  reset   server

test:  separate a base64 value to be coerced into an application secret .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  turn   shared
truth:  turn   string

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities as needed .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  ensure   reuse
truth:  ensure   endpoints

test:  return the directory where the given themes files are stored .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  this will store the current timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  stores   stores
truth:  stores   name

test:  creates an internal greater than or equal constraint .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   carves
truth:  creates   constraint

test:  create a new user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  somebody disconnected from the homepage .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   share
truth:  connected   homepage

test:  boolean error of 2d prefixes .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  determines   joins
truth:  determines   cluster

test:  download a zip file .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  download   identifies
truth:  download   plugin

test:  commit the repository .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  create   disappear
truth:  create   commit

test:  tests whether a file has a negative default code .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  get the pivot of data in a list .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  vertical sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  return all mongodb roles cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  make a command with an attribute with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  test mne forward solution in hdf5 format .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find an alloc or raise if it does not change with the given number of fields .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  migrate   restoring
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get hostname of a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  perform a single test of a proportion dataframe .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  returns the subgraph induced by nodes passing crust .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   initalize
truth:  return   k

test:  serialize python object into its textual representation .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  serialize   enhanced
truth:  serialize   object

test:  returns true if wcs can be generated from a wcs .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an ipython job .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  read rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  create a document from a session document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   command
truth:  create   session

test:  lettuce can .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  default   turn
truth:  default   case

test:  gets sid from the specified security group name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  a context manager that yields the current values for the duration of the keys .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  modify   unquoting
truth:  modify   environment

test:  write 20 tweets sampled from the public streaming api to a file .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  sample   supplied
truth:  sample   api

test:  same as sorted_list_difference but returns the value that happen .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  subtract dense polynomials from a constant matrix .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  set the security groups of the account .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  modifies   inits
truth:  modifies   security

test:  moves one or more than *time_old* in the stack .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  prints   wake
truth:  prints   msg

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   extract
truth:  removes   version

test:  creates a new record from the database .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  replace   supplied
truth:  replace   api

test:  list all associated associated with role cli example: salt myminion boto_elasticache .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  download the current version from the user .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  the datastore content of a datastore .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  constructs   define
truth:  constructs   path

test:  failsave the byte ids of data into inverse computation .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  drops a database .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  extract binary content of a binary file for all of the sff file .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  compute the load average for as a 64-bit expression .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   transliterate
truth:  compute   variable

test:  check for existence of a single variable with a given name .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  truncates the mouse event .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  select   pick
truth:  select   callback

test:  deletes a review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wait for a vm to return .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  assert needles app for all needles entries .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  assert   corrupts
truth:  assert   terms

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a hamming window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  returns the page from a path .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  resolves   define
truth:  resolves   path

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   binhexed
truth:  execute   tests

test:  update appropriate lineage for a certificate .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  get cloudwatchevents and return aws cloudwatchevents .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  return a list of courses courses by their announcement courses .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sorts   disconnect
truth:  sorts   courses

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  pulls   corresponding
truth:  pulls   wheel

test:  chain of same site-packages to chain .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  updates   proposed
truth:  updates   chain

test:  decorator to locked an shorter volume .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  lock   break
truth:  lock   operations

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  cancels   pulls
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts label to binary representation .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   inhibit
truth:  converts   label

test:  parse and return the contents of a rekall .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  test   exit
truth:  test   handling

test:  verify pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  check   deserializes
truth:  check   pyenv

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  returns a search dict with information about a collection .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  event: call the execution of a different spawned thread .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  suspend   vms
truth:  suspend   thread

test:  edit an dialog .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  returns the elements of an array with the sequence .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   returned
truth:  returns   numbers

test:  check if the magic should have been seeded .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   small_stmts
truth:  checks   line

test:  returns a dictionary of yyyymmdd date strings and whether or not the report view is present in the logger .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  parse   sign
truth:  parse   pair

test:  sets the numba accuracy .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  alter   pings
truth:  alter   behavior

test:  return existing packages cli example: .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  paging request type paging section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  paging   alignment
truth:  paging   section

test:  perform the covariance m step for covar .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  returns the url for an api .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update dstpath as resource from srcpath as resource in dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  list the current startup disks :return: true if startup :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  modify a topic .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   stops
truth:  create   topic

test:  generates a set of entities for the given datastore .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  xor   currents
truth:  xor   state

test:  return marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  transform dtype to zero or b .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  given   destroy
truth:  given   dtype

test:  get media descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   prompt
truth:  get   locator

test:  parse the expression to a python int .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  returns   preserve
truth:  returns   int

test:  encode a single list .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   export
truth:  encode   tuple

test:  parse the virtual machines on a given purposes .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  print   update
truth:  print   knowledge

test:  find the size of a given path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert float to rational function .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   making
truth:  converts   float

test:  a 307 temporary redirect redirect .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  pulls   asserting
truth:  pulls   redirect

test:  rest controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  tests theano .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  convert an array of unique labels to the predicted labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   format
truth:  converts   parameter

test:  downloads data with url and store it in progress after a url .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  reverse the youtube logo of a playlist .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  reverse   limiting
truth:  reverse   order

test:  select html attributes from aspath and returns it as a list .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  unite -> iterator repeats an iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  turns   restrict
truth:  turns   array

test:  return the contents of the template script .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   pulls
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  tzinfo an aware datetime .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  returns the default directory path .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  provide   pings
truth:  provide   behavior

test:  gets md5 hash of the given str .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  md5sum   trying
truth:  md5sum   basestring

test:  print single transaction and scores_for_objects entries .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  accepts an error and a new error .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  prefix   randomise
truth:  prefix   message

test:  require the config .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  show results .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  pulls   polishing
truth:  pulls   celery

test:  builds the dictionary fields of the tool spec .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  add   labeled
truth:  add   file

test:  enforce a nice structure on the configuration files .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  signal a website that is a website .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  manage   wheter
truth:  manage   existence

test:  deactivate certificate certificates for students .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  regenerate   allocate
truth:  regenerate   user

test:  return the path of a vector .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  pulls   smooth
truth:  pulls   vector

test:  populate a row of row and converts the string to a dictionary .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  populate   highlight
truth:  populate   row

test:  write a table as a normal simplerst table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  concatenate two dictionaries into a tensor .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   blocking
truth:  merge   outputs

test:  extract the allowed from the settings info dictionary .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this function gives the end date and returns errors in the user as an instance of the given life .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  robustly test whether obj is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  recursively fetch all files in a folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  compute gradient style style style loss for gradient .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove all patches from the events .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clears   fitnesse
truth:  clears   events

test:  test that write a base64 association computation to a t^ .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  takes markdown description and returns the corresponding markdown description .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  setup the os ui between the async and lnetatmotry .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   emit
truth:  setup   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return a list of csv representing the csv file .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  figure   review
truth:  figure   keys

test:  escape & .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replaces   flashes
truth:  replaces   characters

test:  clears a field field from templates .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  remove   tile
truth:  remove   information

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  turn a rule into a tree of expressions .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   put
truth:  compose   rules

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  if func is a scalar .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  look up the local dns domain records and return the resolver resolver .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a dict of version numbers that are in v1 mode of v1 .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  diff   skip
truth:  diff   difference

test:  return a path to the native directory .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  input   encapsulate
truth:  input   instance

test:  start debugging from memory .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns a service instance .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  ignore   turn
truth:  ignore   case

test:  cleanup temporary dirs/files to regain a clean state .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   forced
truth:  cleanup   artifacts

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  starts a remote server using remote host .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  transfer   pulls
truth:  transfer   null

test:  like private .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  return a job id and prepare the jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  get the id and data types .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the mean of the next datapoint in the series is farther than three standard mean and at least two independent by dogbox of the mean
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  checks why why consists and determine if list is unknown .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   popup
truth:  test   effects

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test whether an object is an instance of int .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  given a currency string as set to a given currency .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  adds   duplicates
truth:  adds   symbol

test:  determine if shuffler service calculators is available .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  if a watch statement has a specific value .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  deletes   listen
truth:  deletes   key

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  returns a rendered table for the incident form .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  url   overlap
truth:  url   encode

test:  check that autoincrementing coordinates are shown and see if the same result can be written as being moon-like goes through the right distance .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  cms series expansion controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  given a python object name .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  return   compresses
truth:  return   statement

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately around parentheses .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  in a metaclass that inherits from the given namespace .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  monkeypatch   walks
truth:  monkeypatch   metaclass

test:  copy data and all stat info .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  convert   mutes
truth:  convert   app

test:  convert all translation to docstring .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  fill   reported
truth:  fill   function

test:  return the directory root directory root of site *append .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  return   sql

test:  try to apply an http connection to an ~ssl instance .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  creates a pages relative url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  check if incomplete disk is complete return package .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  iterates over the possible ids .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  search   dos
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file into .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  show pillar data from the minion cli example: .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   restoring
truth:  retrieve   data

test:  get the absolute path to the externalpackages of each forward .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  list   undoes
truth:  list   routes

test:  return the weighted weighted array of weighted stable about the weighted squares .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  compute   applies
truth:  compute   percentile

test:  initalization of a home assistant assistant assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   clones
truth:  initialize   server

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read 32bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   cleaning
truth:  read   matrix

test:  run before displaying a javascript hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  executed   batch
truth:  executed   code

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the gauss-hermite quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   pushing
truth:  load   model

test:  apply a function with an optional keyword arguments .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  bind   instantiate
truth:  bind   arguments

test:  check whether file exists .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  block the template root of a block .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps a descriptor .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  returns whether the path is absolute .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  starting   pulls
truth:  starting   null

test:  like mkdir -p .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  return a list of absolute path relative to all the files in the directory tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  transforms a given clip into an integer .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  transforms   pair
truth:  transforms   photo

test:  get a filter to check if a group snapshot is being created from a cg .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  get   hits
truth:  get   filter

test:  return a list of the structure of the keyboard that meet the system cli example: .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prints an existing client for a user to retrieve information .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  iterate   emit
truth:  iterate   access

test:  converts a python data structure to camel .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  convert   clusters
truth:  convert   camel

test:  function to decorate methods in order to function the same as the server .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test getting completion for bash repos .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  test   enable
truth:  test   bash

test:  test external logging with javascript .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  decorator that only works when required .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  pulls   share
truth:  pulls   homepage

test:  returns a dictionary product after merging the current sites and the default value .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  take a parameters from the module and return the paramreturn .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  yaml: validating a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  evaluate a network on evaluation .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  transfer two lists of schemas to the given collection .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  transfer   reallocation
truth:  transfer   collection

test:  return the number of unselected facet items for the given facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  unassign a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  return v1 vectors of reorders between v1 vectors of v2 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  correlation   host
truth:  correlation   numpy

test:  find a specified search using the given name .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  searches   clones
truth:  searches   server

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return a llvm record constant as a dist of bytes .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   restrict
truth:  create   array

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   converted
truth:  define   block

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  return the nth power of an array .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  raise   cleaning
truth:  raise   matrix

test:  convert aware :class:~datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  set   suggests
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish browser .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  expand a path to a relative path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  provides   define
truth:  provides   path

test:  test to ensure that the basic document can be updated with a bytestrings .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  dedent   pulls
truth:  dedent   null

test:  checks that path exists and returns an absolute path .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  resolve   hanging
truth:  resolve   variables

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  reset the cached language .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  reset   changes
truth:  reset   languages

test:  given an http header .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   substitute
truth:  parse   records

test:  if the function does not refer to a astroid node .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  check   venonats
truth:  check   try

test:  orv == orv == orv == orv .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get l{tlsversion} attribute of collection .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  returns a dictionary .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  run signed content on a given content .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  testing the colorful output of many features .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  returns the contents of a subprocess .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  remove all files from a directory .
truth: many builds . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  this creates a link from the specified configuration .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  creates   responds
truth:  creates   database

test:  services not use filters out of the warnings .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  check that the named value is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  disable   unmask
truth:  disable   profiles

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  decorator to increase debug function in a class .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the min cost of a network .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   hash
truth:  return   flow

test:  create the parent directory path for the given theme .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  return a dictionary of likely to recommend .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the close to the cache .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  returns a list of option names .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   capa
truth:  get   circle

test:  log a message usage:: log log the return .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  return list of all available boot services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  add system .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  add   fixes
truth:  add   manager

test:  extract information from binary or installation version .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   been
truth:  extracts   format

test:  run a bare application in a subprocess .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns whether the user is in this backend to store in the plugins .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  write seqs to fasta file parameters to fp with specified types of fasta mode string mode list of tuples to write fasta filepath to write to write to write access
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   learns
truth:  write   seqs

test:  fire in salt cloud load configuration .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns a list of the names of all enabled plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that bucket raises an exception .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  view function which handles and delivers out of json-encodes json-encodes .
truth: compress json . 
test:  compress   aliased
truth:  compress   json

test:  context manager to temporarily saved applications .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  make   inputhook
truth:  make   sys

test:  create and creates a srt file with content .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  account   activate
truth:  account   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the given directory of the file in directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  use netmiko to execute show arp on pynet-rtr1 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  returns a mapping of child dependencies for the given child .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  pulls   mocks
truth:  pulls   scores

test:  special html predictor to get information for an not on a comment .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  checks the length of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  searches the current vmx dsbrowser .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return true if the given ftypes is get_object .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  reverse a series of fully-qualified items .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  reverse   validating
truth:  reverse   clause

test:  check if the answer already done by an answer question .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  resolves   pulls
truth:  resolves   null

test:  on balance correl .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  correlation   adds
truth:  correlation   r

test:  turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  modify all grading of ccx courses so that they no longer have the grading path on the course that they coach .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   unsqueeze
truth:  verifies   fixtures

test:  return true if the object is an instance of x2 .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  process a number of files and ensure that it can be committed for any data that have been committed .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   automate
truth:  process   traffic

test:  get url for csrf requests .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return list of filters defined by the given compiler .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  checks for duplicates of sample ids parameters .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  flags   pulls
truth:  flags   null

test:  test downloads an http hosted file from a local one .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  clone a repository to a destination repository that is editable .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  use django .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  given a valid subnet .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  parse and return request .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  try   knapsack
truth:  try   request

test:  read only the data points for this table with no data .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  fixed   bounds
truth:  fixed   table

test:  compute dot product between a and b .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  get an application list for the given specific pattern .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  creates a plugin for each task instance .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   hits
truth:  create   filter

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  merge one or more includes pre-processors into one with a single string in the data .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  prompt the user to provide a dictionary of data and return the ones of a dictionary .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  joins a list of strings into a single string containing a single string of the form each header .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  verifies we can complete to builtins .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  ensure   constrain
truth:  ensure   attribute

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in savez .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   attributes
truth:  saves   arrays

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   ellipsoid
truth:  remove   pool

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse a turn turn info response info back into a dict .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   populating
truth:  parse   info

test:  restores the snapshot name to use for the keys .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  simple matrix from a set of numbers .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require the default translation project .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  project   forgot
truth:  project   project

test:  given a 'mri' .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check if we have peer access ? .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  inspect the mechanism list of repository_dependencies tuples and return an unordered list of repository_dependencies tuples that are introduced .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the current python version .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the version string .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test that dim is preserved when an error is raised .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  parses a set of files into a field with the provided package and return a dictionary of full path to a leading space .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  verify   switch
truth:  verify   list

test:  list the youtube youtube suitable for related to the current page .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   resultant
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a connected graph using the given graph .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  return data passed through butterworth filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   acquiring
truth:  return   bessel

test:  returns the c host and use for an an address .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  parse   preloading
truth:  parse   host

test:  redirects the user to home page for uri and excluded for that are allowed or registration .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  have   limiting
truth:  have   order

test:  change the root directory of this directory .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  deserialization wrapper around mr .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check to make sure the possibly in the color eucliden .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  get an icon summary domain object for the given exploration .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   coordinates
truth:  given   exploration

test:  check if the object has writing and determine if the user has staff access to the preview of a given preview .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  returns   score
truth:  returns   staff

test:  a simple wrapper around invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  python version of qpixmap .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  import   batch
truth:  import   code

test:  run a vm cli example: .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  compute the classifier predict .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  evaluate a slice at index .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached process with ok=false .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a review .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  get a list of typical tags for a given tag or none if no tag is found .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  extract   drawing
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  create a zfs storagepool with the given pool .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns an int suitable for use as a value in a range .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  return   chown
truth:  return   loop

test:  split a function into two sub parts .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  map   reveal
truth:  map   sequence

test:  return an object was defined in the python file .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  accepts a path to a directory and all its roots .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  crumb for a date .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  tests the deployment for running tests .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  is it a valid directory containing python file into a directory .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  custom trailing comments .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  add   switch
truth:  add   list

test:  test reading and transform of trans files .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  unserialize the function in a set of colors as subjective .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the web generated static file .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   xfail
truth:  return   help

test:  like np .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  allocate   reconstructs
truth:  allocate   ndarray

test:  save the task definition and saves it from the task .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  a factory function that returns an instance of the ssl sockets .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate should contain the given url in the given addon and type .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return list of users that belong to be sent via a system .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  returns true if f is a piptestenvironment of f .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   pulls
truth:  align   null

test:  delete the tags from an elb .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  add   drawing
truth:  add   tags

test:  create a text widget with the provided text .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get all project .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   reading
truth:  get   agent

test:  check whether there is a list of the l{flattenevent} point .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  modify auto extensions for data .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  task to format an bokeh in a example: .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  do a dummy contect of the given information on the device .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  database should raise a valueerror if it does not exist .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  list all the currently active writebyproteinrec tests .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   assign
truth:  load   requests

test:  create keyring status cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  if output is currently being redirected to a local one .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  creates a config spec for the instance of the given spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  add webassets to a response .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  does a auth node for checking for any of the given node .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  check   looping
truth:  check   node

test:  returns information about the gating usage info for the given course .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  32-bit 32-bit ca ca certs file .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  compute tgz spline of product-of-spacings or fly parameters dist : distributions of the gamma .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  find   logs
truth:  find   vertices

test:  converts a serialized datetime to a datetime object .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   containing
truth:  create   ip

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  scale gradient of the least-squares cost method .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  scale   pulls
truth:  scale   null

test:  generate a random string with allchars and allchars .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   preprocessing
truth:  generate   char

test:  compute the sample byte order of a sequence of points .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  samples   reported
truth:  samples   function

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   pts
truth:  sends   rpc

test:  call eager of eager on a given eager .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  safely remove the directory .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  decorate all the nodes in the graph with numtips .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  function   sparks
truth:  function   number

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  set the global sql .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  context manager to temporarily locked a threadsafe file .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   phred
truth:  clear   caches

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  a basic example of build instructions .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  pulls   assigned
truth:  pulls   room

test:  _list_snapshots_command flatten flatten flatten and even if the stack is none .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  stack   switch
truth:  stack   list

test:  save an image to disk .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  showing   forwards
truth:  showing   image

test:  validates that the value of a stationary parameter parameter is valid .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   format
truth:  validate   parameter

test:  calculate threshold isodata .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   rrmgr
truth:  return   threshold

test:  processing processing of a persistent file .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  print   preload
truth:  print   content

test:  decorator to mark a method to verify authentication authentication .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  make   float
truth:  make   decorator

test:  returns a dictionary containing synchronization details from an authorization resource .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  a generator for the genelatex body of a landing body .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  generate   pass
truth:  generate   document

test:  make sure the cookies are changed .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   fileformat
truth:  test   self

test:  add a simp .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  takes   corrupts
truth:  takes   terms

test:  helper function for raising a dummy function that callable and signed mask for the no_chown==false session .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  url-encode the given string to a binary string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  return   modified
truth:  return   lowercase

test:  verifies if a x509 certificate exists .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  validate   gunzip
truth:  validate   certificates

test:  disconnect host to put attached to a host system in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  disconnect   grouping
truth:  disconnect   system

test:  validate and return a string for option of type in the supplied value .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  update a computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  walks the serializers from the workflow root .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  prepare   increase
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  turn a list of standard summary into a dictionary of dictionaries containing information for each standard deviation .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  accepts   svn
truth:  accepts   dicts

test:  fit iir .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  initialize the install_openblas logger .
truth: logs msg定义如下 function: init_spider_log . 
test:  logs   reported
truth:  logs   function

test:  reconstruct skeleton of equations from equations and b .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  reconstruct   bench
truth:  reconstruct   value

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  sets up the plugin instances .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  point   attempt
truth:  point   extension

test:  return the policy for the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  converts a string to a date according to the locale settings .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  wrap the wrapped function if he is not a driver .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  ensure   trending
truth:  ensure   driver

test:  makes a channel of http request .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  creates   overrides
truth:  creates   channel

test:  returns a static web wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  run js tests with the qutebrowser directory .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   files
truth:  run   check

test:  returns command line string .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  apply   xfail
truth:  apply   help

test:  clone the disk profile .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  gather   plan
truth:  gather   profile

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convert file name to a base class .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  test installing from a simple extras dependency .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  set the suspend module to be used .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  apply rules based on a tree of a dict mapping .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  when the process quits immediately .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  translates sequence to .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  given   popup
truth:  given   effects

test:  search for user emails emails .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  does hex color based on css colors .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  shorten   dump
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer | integer | integer | boolconstant | const_list | integer | const_ref .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  resultant algorithm in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   round
truth:  computes   polynomials

test:  escape any value in input dictionary as a dictionary .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escapes   gauss
truth:  escapes   strings

test:  computes the central statistic of an array of circular amount of central values .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   rescanning
truth:  return   weights

test:  deprecated conditions into collection .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  encrypt data with the secret key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  only only on moduleonlyworksonmac systems with pkg .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  returns selected tree that correspond to the selected child items .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  plot the time strings in a dataset .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  returns the unicode string of a single image .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  get the initial state with an initial dict .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  wrap   transliterate
truth:  wrap   variable

test:  show the original image .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  writes <value> to the given dir .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  returns a model class for the given model class .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  install a "package" on a yum-like .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  converts a string to unicode strings .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  attempt   shared
truth:  attempt   string

test:  get all available transcripts transcripts .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  replaces   documents
truth:  replaces   transcripts

test:  convert an url to a local url .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  clears the microsite configuration from the current request/thread .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clear   synchronizes
truth:  clear   callbacks

test:  destroy the given topic .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  marks   pulls
truth:  marks   null

test:  strips argument to leaves .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replaces   utf-8
truth:  replaces   argument

test:  convert a string to a bitlist .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  transform   shared
truth:  transform   string

test:  set calls to astropy .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  makes   extract
truth:  makes   version

test:  shift_expression : assignment_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  this function will be used as a consensus .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  format a list of lists into one axis .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert latitude to integer .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  convert a list of keys to a list of true to the key string .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  maintain   switch
truth:  maintain   list

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  validate the context for the facebook model .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  checks   lambda
truth:  checks   django

test:  add the output of the string to an index indent .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  formats   emits
truth:  formats   definition

test:  obtain a redirects request .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   knapsack
truth:  initiate   request

test:  edit a media media media form .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   slave_open
truth:  edit   media

test:  computes the squared error .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  computes   assuming
truth:  computes   norm

test:  revoke a task by loading it from paragraph .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  terminate   requesting
truth:  terminate   i

test:  converts an object into a space-separated class instance .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  reset a database in python 2 and come according to the rules of a particular bug in the django test .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  pulls   left
truth:  pulls   bug

test:  get the number of active ports and y .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  an expression that takes only list of strings containing the victorops expression and a single list of all possible expressions .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a 3-tuple: .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  on all values recurisively discovering times .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  executes   exposes
truth:  executes   values

test:  entry point to production and easyinstall .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  updates the hostname to a mime_type address .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolves   stores
truth:  resolves   name

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  aux function .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  compute   permutates
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  performs the rsa checksums solution of an expression .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  return   sends
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the password for a user cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  reset   reduced
truth:  reset   cli

test:  uncomment all python paths and find the appropriate paths in the given directory .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  finds   ip
truth:  finds   paths

test:  add hosts to label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   prefilled
truth:  add   hosts

test:  returns password here for use with a password .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  convenience function for returning multiple topic tree nodes for set of rendering parents .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  an example to check if its random output .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  index   intended
truth:  index   letter

test:  register the program .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  enable   r^2
truth:  enable   form

test:  encodes string to utf-8 and 1s to utf-8 .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  pulls   picks
truth:  pulls   reason

test:  returns the clique complement of the graph g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  find   direct
truth:  find   clique

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   querying
truth:  callback   actions

test:  yaml: bitbucket publish bitbucket when bitbucket is pushed to .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translate a sequence of dictionaries to a dict of ascii values .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  convert   forbid
truth:  convert   options

test:  get the inset points of the inset points .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  compresses a new draft form .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  save   r^2
truth:  save   form

test:  read a sound file and return a list of tuples .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   meet
truth:  test   legend

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  get information about a specified user cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  if python .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the prefix & int given the following: header string .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new endpoint on the victorops service .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  close a network device .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  enumerates an integer in the given mod .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  list available zones for a tenant cli example: .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  get the key id for the given key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  requires that the user *not* be logged in .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  get all operations of kivy .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  tests that the format_as methods of a data char .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  validate a csr certificate .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   sleep
truth:  validate   files

test:  fixture providing a commanddispatcher stub .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  test %reset in ip addresses .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   consists
truth:  test   reset

test:  patch a reference with a pandas message .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  calculate the binary gdb for the gdb service .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if we have a min_pageviews segments .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  return the checksum associated with a period period and offset .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  return a poem 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  test of flaskgroup .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  checks if a dhcp options exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  check   cause
truth:  check   option

test:  escape string as an encrypted characters in the given string .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  return the file of a text file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  given restapiid name .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  test that all apps can run by app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  returns the given value .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  rounding   gauss
truth:  rounding   strings

test:  use this instead of time to read an object from a file upload object to be performed .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the current movie player .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   imsave
truth:  run   profiler

test:  creates a template .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  removes a record for the specified module .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   clip
truth:  remove   record

test:  get the string from the sentinel configuration .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  validates each serializer in the common log .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  give   generate
truth:  give   users

test:  clean the global state of the subsystem .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  resets   currents
truth:  resets   state

test:  decorator to make sure that a user is logged in staff .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  direct trash .
truth: remove message . 
test:  remove   randomise
truth:  remove   message

test:  check if the given headers is websocket .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  determine   lstrip
truth:  determine   set

test:  this is a list of all loaded files .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   sleep
truth:  print   files

test:  main program .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  run   mutes
truth:  run   app

test:  max pooling with pooling shape .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   restores
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  try to figure out if a module is relative to a relative file name :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the arguments for the day .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  return a dict of environment environment names .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  fixture that returns a functionloader cleanup .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  this function is called to do the target .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  this is a hack .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  helper function for checking if the given path or list of patterns are ignored .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  take a string and expand windows components based .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  update a user to all libraries .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   allocate
truth:  update   user

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  compute the nth coefficient of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  construct   indicate
truth:  construct   polynomial

test:  test that new .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  create a new workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  activate   initializing
truth:  activate   trigger

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add default groups to user groups .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   decide
truth:  add   groups

test:  retrieve the list of user attributes based on the provided username or username .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  create only the previous version of python 2 .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  get   export
truth:  get   tuple

test:  integrate plugins to the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   colorized
truth:  integrate   context

test:  returns a random string/key of value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  create a new file that will open the given filename .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  works   pulls
truth:  works   null

test:  computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   undeploy
truth:  computes   prs

test:  retry if http call func is raised .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the fully qualified fqdn .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the hardware architecture of the current machine .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  convert a fits record to a fits record for the data type .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   simulate
truth:  convert   spec

test:  gets the data to use for a resource .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  if there is a viewfinder array .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  checks   were
truth:  checks   property

test:  builds the dummy disk spec from the virtual machine create the virtual disk spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   hostname
truth:  builds   vm

test:  escape invalid characters .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  simulate   flip
truth:  simulate   python

test:  modifies a view function so that it can be exempt from the csrf .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  converts a pd .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   matching
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  transforms a system copy of a theano matrix from the bcpy list of arrays to a bcpy matrix .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   collecting
truth:  copy   b

test:  generate a hmac-sha1 of a hmac-sha1 key .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  calculate   tell
truth:  calculate   signature

test:  returns the p-th power of the l**p nanmean .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  factor a square-free polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  if a username .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  returns the search for the given user .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  makes   pts
truth:  makes   rpc

test:  alternative implementation of label .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   guessing
truth:  create   namespace

test:  list of comments by cms .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  if the user does not have a small-screen session .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  set the group module if the os linux .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  parses a single language into a list of steps and steps it .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   unroll
truth:  parse   steps

test:  make a network layers file with specified .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   killed
truth:  draws   network

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  converts a string to a boolean .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  decorator to ensure the underlying request has the same interface .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  return the valid javascript address to a valid asset platform .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   multistringwidget
truth:  return   win32

test:  this function is expressed in the platforms .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  batch   deregister
truth:  batch   jobs

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   labels
truth:  return   transform

test:  downloads a file from the url .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   access
truth:  downloads   url

test:  sends a message to a note note for the note .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  set the api running sabnzbd event documents .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   given
truth:  set   register

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   fitnesse
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs summary of job .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  return document of document instances .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  walk   pulls
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the filename of a resource .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  test get_version() when invalid data is invalid .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  a simple --help process to compute a dictionary of @todo: output-less npm .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  execute   view
truth:  execute   q

test:  gets the md5 checksum of a list of text .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate and return a bytearray hashing hash .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   hover
truth:  test   bytes

test:  status edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : simple_stmt lt expr | expr le expr | const_list | rule | expr ge expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove keys from source component .
truth: clean component . 
test:  clean   msg
truth:  clean   component

test:  encode and convert headers to utf-8 headers .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   review
truth:  encode   keys

test:  returns the url of the api site .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get a set of packages .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  returns   simplifies
truth:  returns   packages

test:  empty trash and nvidia-process trash on all available kill .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  empty   suggest
truth:  empty   folder

test:  return true .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  test that the hash hashing method creates the hash .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  puts data as a sequence of redirect_uri .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  convert   inplace
truth:  convert   ovs

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  parse the stdout and return a tuple .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  create   loved
truth:  create   doc

test:  recursively recursive glob glob .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  walk   resample
truth:  walk   directories

test:  test calc_footprint without distortion .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   smash
truth:  test   corner

test:  returns true if the given lists is true .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   preface
truth:  returns   degree

test:  update the collection of completions .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   gzipped
truth:  update   completion

test:  returns an attribute of a template .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  fixes   constrain
truth:  fixes   attribute

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  encode the string for use in the given url .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  input   decorating
truth:  input   log

test:  generate a backend for externally stochastic .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a list of .
truth: by default . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  outputs an iterable of numbers .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  returns a mac address as a mac address .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   iuploader
truth:  reverse   lookup

test:  this function performs the given module to load a new one that can be implemented by a the replacement module .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  see pull request .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  capture   allocate
truth:  capture   user

test:  register a new output converter .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  registers   override
truth:  registers   converter

test:  release an interface to be overwritten .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   paging
truth:  release   interface

test:  ensure that a command is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   negate
truth:  ensure   resource

test:  split the action into all registered usage .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   querying
truth:  render   actions

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  test whether a matrix is hermitian .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  checks   cleaning
truth:  checks   matrix

test:  verifying the output with expected results for inverse logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   flattens
truth:  verifying   output

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   contrasts
truth:  sign   digest

test:  enable the rdp service and make sure access to the rdp port is disabled in the firewall configuration .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  a decorator that ensures a transaction has a transaction in a transaction .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  test to make sure the reader ignores whitespace at the end of fields .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  function that runs the actual display command .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  encodes string value to base64 format .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  pickle   bench
truth:  pickle   value

test:  merge the data from the dict1 dictionary into a single mapping of dicts .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  copy   svn
truth:  copy   dicts

test:  check if the object is a mt .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  check   profile
truth:  check   theme

test:  filter out nonsemantic tuples of a single line .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write all the logs to the passed logs buffer .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  adds   checking
truth:  adds   logs

test:  check if all required config files are available .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  checks if a keyspace exists in cassandra .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  check   sorting
truth:  check   keyspace

test:  reduce a generator that iterates over all values of a given tolerance .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  reduces   exposes
truth:  reduces   values

test:  ensure default .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  returns a list of partitions from a partition .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  pulls   collects
truth:  pulls   count

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  returns the file in use .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  generate short format .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  utility function to get a color name from a color dict .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  creates multiple links using the a6 links .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  test an identityinterface join .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   input_string
truth:  test   join

test:  install the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  accumulates representation of binary labels .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  close all logs .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  closes   lets
truth:  closes   handler

test:  for an existing modules .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  check that mysql mysql .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   fleiss
truth:  check   mysql

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  ensure the error message cannot happen .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   capturing
truth:  ensure   error

test:  recursively move a file or a directory to another .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  create the power of x and y .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute the case of a binary string .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   see
truth:  compute   factors

test:  returns the current git repository .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  based   pulls
truth:  based   null

test:  simplified the estimators .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  perform a integrations on a bases of algebraic .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  solves   construct
truth:  solves   kind

test:  attempt to parse a key from methods .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  decorator to output a method to cache its results in self for each combination of inputs and cache the cached result on subsequent calls .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  cache   forms
truth:  cache   result

test:  utility function to check if a server:port server and returns a .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  validate the user whether parameters are supported by the list of supported constraints .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  get the float .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   from_value
truth:  get   cascade

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return secret_key of your app .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   mutes
truth:  return   app

test:  retrieve the second number of the current script to read the specified stdin .
truth: main loop . 
test:  loop   chown
truth:  loop   loop

test:  send an api request for a single plot .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   parse
truth:  perform   jid

test:  this function is to generate a template .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  require   bartels
truth:  require   contents

test:  return zcr byte string for a single frame .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   formatted
truth:  computes   rate

test:  downgrade a v3 figure for chooses task .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  list all config to nictag the virtual machines on nictag nictag cli example: .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  efficiently multiply f in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   solving
truth:  evaluate   composition

test:  dump the ipsum ipsum config files to run statistics .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  combine   unmask
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  make a path relative to the java code .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  update update ports with locate selfupdate .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  this function can be used as a main branch .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  return the chvátal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  turn a introspection query string into a list of tuples and the corresponding info .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  truncate by date .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns whether obj is a descriptor and the its object .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  return a list of raw email address cli example: .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a single mountroot for a test .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  given a project .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  shortcut   permutes
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  creates a *frac* vector tensor from a poisson distribution parameters poisson : array_like the s1: triangular triangular matrix to convert the larger n dimension mu : scalar or n binary
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  get partitions from a list of connectivity .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  specify   regroup
truth:  specify   subsets

test:  load an existing token from the parseable resource .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  retrieves   enhanced
truth:  retrieves   object

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  test   analyze
truth:  test   copy

test:  merge volume volumes to concurrency concurrency .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  creates group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   autoreleased
truth:  creates   types

test:  read kit data from fif file to fif fif fif .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  adds a send flag for sending email when a task has an exploration .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  adds   coordinates
truth:  adds   exploration

test:  difference of similarity of a power value that maps to a different power .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  start a worker in a logical .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  return the extension at path of a numpy array .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  tests whether the structure structure structure is a proper structure .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  verify   offset
truth:  verify   parameters

test:  compare two lists of features and their new two lists .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   decoding
truth:  check   lists

test:  strip a value .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  get a database string from a given host and port .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  strips   exposes
truth:  strips   values

test:  return the default locale name .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  default   raise
truth:  default   term

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  show the product page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   pulls
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  scale and return a copy of an image .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  walk a directory .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  matrix the parent of the block for the given block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  create a mutation object that can be read and ensures that the given file be read .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns the default value for deadline .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return btrfs version string or an empty version of the package accepts version string .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  decorator that only works when required .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  get the current time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  retrieve   support
truth:  retrieve   time

test:  reindex python columns using a new python code .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  utility function to create a password digest .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  send db create the db object .
truth: send create database . 
test:  send   responds
truth:  send   database

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  get a list of existing resource width .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  this is called every time the server starts up .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return one of the search search for the given action .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   dos
truth:  return   search

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  borrowed from lvm service .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a json flow flow flow from the provided uuid .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  gets   understemmed
truth:  gets   results

test:  return the key from git .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   track
truth:  get   top

test:  list profiles for a specific selinux or list of profiles cli example: .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   unmask
truth:  list   profiles

test:  list installed extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  returns all python modules and subpackages in the same directory as subpackages .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  simple dict of lists .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  builds   teardown
truth:  builds   type

test:  encode a string using base64 .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the docker prefix for a given docker .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  prefix   raising
truth:  prefix   docker

test:  close the request and return the result .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap the grabbing grabbing inside a client .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  wrap   spawns
truth:  wrap   endpoint

test:  convert list to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  lead field sums using legendre polynomial sensor .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  pulls   waveform
truth:  pulls   products

test:  {'module' page: displays all required view .
truth: module view . 
test:  module   usage_key_string
truth:  module   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  command   compose
truth:  command   usage

test:  a technical 500 response .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a list of polynomials to an integer representing the corresponding representation .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  get an event on an event .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  n-dimensional n-dimensional components of strings for principal components of scores components .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  integrate field to the same as the curve of the field .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   small_stmts
truth:  compute   line

test:  search all matches in the string by return a list of beautifulsoup .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  search   shared
truth:  search   string

test:  trims an array with data and enforce .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   restoring
truth:  trims   data

test:  find the score with the first set of states .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  computes the capped mean squared log error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  converts a hash hex string to a byte string .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  display   temperature
truth:  display   date

test:  write a string representation of an image table .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   autoencoder
truth:  write   xml

test:  wrap request to embed a request .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   reported
truth:  checks   function

test:  save and restore one or more dictionaries .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  connect to default dictionary .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  create a new relic hash object .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  container_type : map_type | dubconstant | const_list | boolconstant | const_list | const_list | const_ref .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears a set of dag instances .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  remove   borrowed
truth:  remove   instances

test:  return the attribute of an object as a string .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  get   loved
truth:  get   doc

test:  coerce s to unicode .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  parse a tree or a tree .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  run a test on a temporary file .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the current username for the current thread .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  test installing a package with a package .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  test application gl backend for basic test .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   tear
truth:  test   module

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns an array containing the first ways that are flags .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  run a tag on a given compiler node .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  refresh the virtual machines .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  download the given data from a given file to the form file .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  returns the directory of an lru .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  test code that creates a default epoch .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - used for access permissions .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a string with an empty string .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove a dictionary of block device mapping .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  send   reassemble
truth:  send   compute

test:  decorator to wrap a function to eliot logging level .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  add   reported
truth:  add   function

test:  check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  helper: return a date from a datetime .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  a simple partys function that retrieves response header for the epoch .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  create issues for a dict of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  convert   augments
truth:  convert   issues

test:  get a list of context strings .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  multiply the transpose of the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  applies   bench
truth:  applies   value

test:  a generator to pull all file filenames from a directory .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  yield   prettyprint
truth:  yield   examples

test:  run current need to be passed .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  add attachment_specs field for the user-agent string field .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  function   flattening
truth:  function   field

test:  decorate a function to decorate a expect_warnings() .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  make   loved
truth:  make   doc

test:  splituser --> user[:passwd] .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the jwterror module to be used as json .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  configures   aliased
truth:  configures   json

test:  changes the amount of a vm to the named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  solves the equation x_{1}^2 + x_{2}^2 + .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  sync and return the list of modules from the app from app .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  sync   mutes
truth:  sync   app

test:  extract images from logical image .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extract   dumping
truth:  extract   patch

test:  returns a string for the backend entry .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  default   fold
truth:  default   backend

test:  only load if file_recv is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  run optimised .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   based
truth:  converts   address

test:  returns the text representation of text .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return path to .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  prefix   authorizes
truth:  prefix   command

test:  it can run only the specified status code with --tags .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  does not have a service listed in the commandline tags .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   building
truth:  check   tag

test:  return the click-through cost from a click-through space .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  displays the cluster for a given cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  create a single vector of shape and replace it with the same dimension as the output of variable with str_choices .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  testing the plots against epochs based on epochs against the plots .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  allow a custom language for the language of the language .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  parses a group .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  compiles   rising
truth:  compiles   group

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   shut
truth:  register   checker

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  checks whether two lists are equal .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  return   chisquare
truth:  return   tuples

test:  recursively wipe a disk list of filesystem .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  wipe   pulls
truth:  wipe   null

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   printing
truth:  return   locale

test:  create a fake repository .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  get gcode line of the word after a given line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   calculates
truth:  get   vertex

test:  searching for up-to-date queue .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  failed   deregister
truth:  failed   jobs

test:  returns a -tuple for a given image and geometry and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  delete a plugin plugin from the output .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  removes   identifies
truth:  removes   plugin

test:  take a normalized list of strings and right operator .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  change   looking
truth:  change   operator

test:  create an array of the shape column .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  get   restrict
truth:  get   array

test:  return the number of followers of the dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   bench
truth:  synthesize   value

test:  helper function for setting an actions_to_add .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  parse sample id to by an mapped id arguments: temperature(s) -- the fully referenced by star to the appropriate * if the sample id to check .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parses   optdict
truth:  parses   lines

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the list .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  send new email to access an instance .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return the gradient of a inversion scalar .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   increment
truth:  returns   gradient

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  test make_text_box() .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   add
truth:  test   ps

test:  create and mark a snapshot of one image .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a "wordpress link" example headers we can parse: link: <url rel=shortlink .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   install
truth:  extract   response

test:  print unique elements of an iterable .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  load ip addresses from cidr addresses .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  load   scaled
truth:  load   queue

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   switch
truth:  removes   list

test:  get an elastic sqlite object .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  ensure we are running on error .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  make   unparsing
truth:  make   git

test:  send a bluetooth device to a network address cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  sets the current thread name .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  request parameters .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  is   downgrades
truth:  is   point

test:  imports from a file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  test ask with a ask for finite .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  raise if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  creates an xml string from the xml object .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  morerules : morerules ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  unload metadefinitions from the called ipython .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  unload   attempt
truth:  unload   extension

test:  get all rules for a given security group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   put
truth:  count   rules

test:  plot a single influence identified by its position in complexities .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   pushing
truth:  plot   model

test:  write a file to a remote tunnel and writes a remote version .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  test to ensure that the fit and see if the bound is false .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  parses all security groups .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  set   exit
truth:  set   handling

test:  tests whether a phone number is zero for the argument .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  get the type of names of findloadednames .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  carves up a mime_type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  run a synchronous query w/ timeout .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   xlsx
truth:  run   query

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add allocated_id to the meta table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   search
truth:  add   d

test:  yaml: builds a chain allows records for other builds .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  pulls   proposed
truth:  pulls   chain

test:  atom : tuple | definition_type .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   pulls
truth:  atom   null

test:  find twos lists of common elements .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  returns   re
truth:  returns   paragraphs

test:  redirect user is enabled .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  recursively resolve x and all object .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   enhanced
truth:  resolve   object

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  return a list of all users to install a package verbose .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  create a new project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  make filename based on its absolute path .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  returns a list of corpus .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  convert a linecollection to the equivalent python 2 .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   dumping
truth:  convert   patch

test:  returns a dict of active config values in an vo sum .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   float
truth:  returns   decorator

test:  generate an rsa hash for a given object and a base64 encoded digest .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  pull progress_precent .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  receive   prioritized
truth:  receive   messages

test:  calculates whether pretty-printer is absolute .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  setting a sequence of values to the infinite coordinates" .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   analyzes
truth:  set   size

test:  decodes a receipt from the second raise .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  interface to update_follower .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  trigger   reencrypt
truth:  trigger   start

test:  inverse of a clip with all possible values .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   grab
truth:  pulls   val

test:  returns a a schema class with the given name .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  register the function that checks the given messages .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  indent the given ratio .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  view function of timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  display   does
truth:  display   tweets

test:  checks whether or not an ip address is a valid ip address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  match an attribute dictionary to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   xlsx
truth:  match   query

test:  register a new compression method .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  common code for cholesky() and cho_factor() .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  pulls   duplicates
truth:  pulls   symbol

test:  given a method object .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using the denoising method .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get host info from stream .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  converts utf-8 data to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  continuous priority: .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  brent monic function of a minimum error .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  given   reported
truth:  given   function

test:  validate the settings as a template backend .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  download a handle to a file .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  download   remote
truth:  download   httpresponse

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string spaces become dots .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  parses a proxy of an item and determines the new fixes .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parses   stream
truth:  parses   returns

test:  patch multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   unignores
truth:  perform   patches

test:  returns a sizer for a message field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  creates a storage object from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  returns the size of the nodes in the graph .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  get the environment with the current environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  get   accept
truth:  get   env

test:  returns a ceilometer config file for applications .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  cast obj to unicode string .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  look up a table and parse its contents .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  helper function to formats a list of tuples .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  takes   fileformat
truth:  takes   self

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns text annotations as a single string .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  get the multi-file api connection and return it .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  parses timeseries data as a timeseries file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  represent an address as a packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  update string -> list of strings .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the hypervolume fitness .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a string representing a phone number .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  insert   sparks
truth:  insert   number

test:  set a user to delete an subscription .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  try to locate the value of the cluster .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  guesses   widening
truth:  guesses   location

test:  test filtfilt class with x .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tweak
truth:  test   replacement

test:  verify the correct caffe to see if the right newer attribute of the matrix with the correct format .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  validates   synchronize
truth:  validates   addresses

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  given an object name .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  get a sorted factors of order factors .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  sort   scans
truth:  sort   pairs

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  convert an ordinal address to the range of characters .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  get the content from the virtual machine .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  use   supplied
truth:  use   api

test:  this function setup the allowed certificate from a request .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   pulls
truth:  clear   null

test:  create a test log folder for caching tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  store a certificate to the given store name the certificate to store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  add method to the class .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   specifies
truth:  add   methods

test:  require afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  return true if the getiter() is three of the typical * the location of the squares class .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  make a connection .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   downgrades
truth:  insert   point

test:  plot the ccpr for a set of results and a general model .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  add a url to a url .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  add   paginated
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test serviceprovideeditview .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensure that the names of the geos schemas is loaded .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  import   restoring
truth:  import   data

test:  generate a new unordered class with the shape and its numerical codes .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   debugging
truth:  generates   dataset

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   assume
truth:  accepts   header

test:  return apt_sources information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  find the repository directory where we dont know the database to migrate .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  check if a given cert is passing a passing of a string .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  given   point
truth:  given   status

test:  helper function .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  mixed that table versions are compiled .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  tests   expected
truth:  tests   stack

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  a list of matching tasks .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  list   shift
truth:  list   tasks

test:  return a list of all meta .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  test that selectionchanged is ignored .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the entropy of two univariate .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  returns   feed
truth:  returns   entropy

test:  true if node is absolute and contains any of the given title .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  projects   determine
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume cache .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  query   aligns
truth:  query   volume

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  generate a random id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   linkify
truth:  generate   integer

test:  test function auto-enrollment .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  get the description for a comma-separated string .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  split a list into a list of non-empty parts .
truth: take a token . 
test:  take   scop
truth:  take   token

test:  returns a list of ntp peers on the device peers .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   decline
truth:  returns   ntp

test:  return the number of active and bounds .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  convert   returned
truth:  convert   numbers

test:  read 32bit transform from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   labels
truth:  read   transform

test:  check user registrations for a campaign page .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  landing   bring
truth:  landing   page

test:  block some text indent .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  parse a single header and return a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   assure
truth:  parse   challenge

test:  save the results on a dataset to the previous predictions .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  given   forbids
truth:  given   predictions

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  add a package to the named vm .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  return a list of all containers on the minion .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  returns   paste
truth:  returns   containers

test:  returns a large key as a tuple of .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  computes the "where" mean and variance for small inputs .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  parses a hex escape sequence in a replacement string .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   reveal
truth:  parses   sequence

test:  convert enbedded to strings .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  swaps two points crossover with length as *x* .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  this method will checkout signed with the shoppingcart args: user_id: : the user cart to checkout .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  create   limiting
truth:  create   order

test:  helper function to reverse an ipv4 address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this even checks that the given model class will return the model class .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   safe_octal
truth:  test   class

test:  get the footer from the pending account .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  append   sampled
truth:  append   footer

test:  constant-time string comparison .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  lookup   stores
truth:  lookup   name

test:  the signal-to-noise ratio of the input data .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  calculates   dumps
truth:  calculates   signal

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   snaps
truth:  write   pid

test:  returns true if the node is a text raised from node .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  hikkake pattern .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  pulls   safe_peekline
truth:  pulls   star

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get the spider loader class definitions .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  context manager that temporarily changed on a specific configuration .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   updates
truth:  builds   wsgi

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   completes
truth:  creates   budget

test:  convert an integer to a varint and write it using the write function .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  get media metadata .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  validates whether source string is a valid source or a string .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  ensure that passed to the appropriate inclusion_unlimited_args_kwargs matches the same new threads as the _() client as the yaxis .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  takes   lstrip
truth:  takes   set

test:  returns an ordereddict of a list of ordereddict as a dict .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  same as a -= operator .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob with a bucket .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  the source file or a source space to the source spaces .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  ensure   unlocking
truth:  ensure   source

test:  return the difference of the pipe branch .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   nested
truth:  return   segment

test:  test for an argv script .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  execute   prettify
truth:  execute   process

test:  apply a batch to the caller .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieves a listener from the mysql server .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  launch   clones
truth:  launch   server

test:  read an xml file from the proppatch .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   assign
truth:  read   requests

test:  bisect test for resourcemanager .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the halt response for a running system .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  find the id of a network .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  find   killed
truth:  find   network

test:  displays the students index page .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  display   digs
truth:  display   html

test:  loads and return a glob script .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  sets the text field with the css variables .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  gets the comment for a specific comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  record   iterates
truth:  record   comment

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   clustered
truth:  test   equations

test:  create the file path .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  decorator for request methods .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the hash of a file this is restricted to a package .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  leading leading and run a child file .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check whether a given name is alive .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  name   flip
truth:  name   python

test:  change the specified user id to the specified user and replace it .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  patch   pulls
truth:  patch   null

test:  return an alert for the given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  test the model estimator .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  decorator to methods that verifies that the mime *mimes .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the default telnet calls .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  concatenate many times as same array .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the intersection of a given compute node .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  compute the quotechar summary of the dictionaries to be belong to the h2 .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  perform a string of elements .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  extract   deconvolves
truth:  extract   level

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  gunzip the data and return as as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   restoring
truth:  gunzip   data

test:  expression : expression + expression | expression + expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression | expression ** expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  sets the image for the uploaded image .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  pulls   drops
truth:  pulls   call

test:  split a list of strings by a given attribute .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start command start the start application on the port .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  test stream .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  run   refresh
truth:  run   scripts

test:  test url :return: local url should be this test .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user system user the host of the user to connect to connect host the user
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  decide if this is a waiter .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  build the python build version .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  create spider with multiple spider for the current session .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   regularized
truth:  create   spider

test:  we attempt to ping the logging system .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  extract new strings corresponding to transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  pull   gauss
truth:  pull   strings

test:  gets the number of country calling a phone number for the specified region .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  gets   teardown
truth:  gets   type

test:  calculate the standard checksum for a string .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  calculates   preprocessing
truth:  calculates   char

test:  starts multiple lines by spaces .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  format the time formatted string into a time .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  does necessary setup to allow 5 remote to load .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  compute the surface of *a* and its axes .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that passing html column in fill_values should only replace matching columns or values .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  verifies a student flow .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse an http accept-* header .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   approve
truth:  parses   *

test:  computes the accuracy of the filesystem classes .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  a path isnt a unicode string .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  takes a sequence of cw and returns a generator .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  chain chain columns to break config coordinates .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  get   proposed
truth:  get   chain

test:  a: a theano shared shape a theano shared variable b: a theano tensor returns the theano shared variable containing all but the borders of shape .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   transliterate
truth:  returns   variable

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when collection occur due to even even if the --continue-on-collection-errors flag .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  verify   binhexed
truth:  verify   tests

test:  return the install and number of 2001:db8::/32 an instance .
truth: given an object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  determines if the user has permission to this users .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  obtain the root root node .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  check if mutating is mutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  determines   compresses
truth:  determines   statement

test:  convert a dict to a millisecond integer .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  return an degree matrix from a flat or degree matrix .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  finds   preface
truth:  finds   degree

test:  function takes as the fasta fastq file and returns the type list of fasta data with the full depend on fastq' .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a short .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute nth moment moments of a given eps as a function of a list of moment .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   dataset
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that blockdevicedeployer calculates certain desired to test some supplied datasets .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  generate a uuid from a namespace of a namespace .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  convert a realm .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  is   access
truth:  is   url

test:  registers unicode name .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  registers   pulls
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture providing a topic with a too topic .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  pulls   stops
truth:  pulls   topic

test:  setup the frontend frontend bridge platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function erf(z) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  function to flowgram sequence or order to flowgram infinite id .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  map   controls
truth:  map   ids

test:  like dtype; .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  returns a list of the server health health delay delay : the expected config file to be changed on the server .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  return   memoizing
truth:  return   health

test:  generate a test case where the given function is being imported .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  gets the throughputs configuration on a given dataset .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator that calls app_reverse() use the function in the make sure that the function corpus are not set .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  runs flask dev web application .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  cleanup   registering
truth:  cleanup   views

test:  lettuce update should serve list through scenario .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  forces a form hmac form for the given form .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return the filesystems for all the filesystems .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  loads the module and returns the deleted app .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   roundrobin
truth:  load   application

test:  get a metadata-schema specific port type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a decorator that ensures the default values related to prevent durbin-watson against the current csrf methods .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  allocate eip id and domain object .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  pulls   reissues
truth:  pulls   eip

test:  test checking for invalid methods .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   dispatch
truth:  test   operators

test:  adds a user to enterprisecustomer .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   pending
truth:  add   default

test:  get the kernel architecture .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  log event .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  logs   wait
truth:  logs   servers

test:  a dummy widgets for the scheduler .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  pulls   entries
truth:  pulls   review

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  function   skips
truth:  function   connections

test:  return the immediate children of a given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   banned
truth:  return   children

test:  get ancestor counts for the given group by connceting .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  mock mock .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  sets   hanging
truth:  sets   variables

test:  calculates the py2 statistic for the normal distribution parameters data : array_like .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  compute   asserts
truth:  compute   diff

test:  parse the embedded fips key and return a list of fips pairs .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return apt .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  create a random string .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the indefinite power of a given number .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   translated
truth:  return   g

test:  register a hosting service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   chew
truth:  register   service

test:  build the closest spline for syncfile .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   optimizes
truth:  return   reservations

test:  handle 500 handler for handling handling .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  given a list of nodes .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  using   looping
truth:  using   node

test:  clears the user info from the application .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   modbus
truth:  clears   cookie

test:  return list of objects with only those objects contained in gc .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  convert a row from a dict to a flat row .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  returns   quotes
truth:  returns   map

test:  initialize a mapping report .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  creates   teardown
truth:  creates   type

test:  return list of active and error .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  run   receiving
truth:  run   js

test:  write stream to a stream that writes the text at the given color .
truth: like write . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  builds the operations adding desired criterion to a given campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   break
truth:  builds   operations

test:  open a filename to a configuration file .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  given a file path .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  loads   solve
truth:  loads   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone of os .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  add profiling and fetching to receive all users .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  pulls   surrounding
truth:  pulls   processor

test:  wait until the system has write or quit to happen .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   cie
truth:  wait   predicate

test:  convert uuid to the uuid format .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  setup the process id .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  strips all the tree of a tree .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  lists wiki templates documents .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the group of a file or directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the xdg_config_home .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return information about a specified partition cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  report   grouping
truth:  report   system

test:  add a string to a valid ngram token .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  get the list of dictionaries of user data on anonymous auth .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  parses a set of character .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   urlencode
truth:  parses   item

test:  formats a string so that it can be quoted and tz-naive .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  to suspend a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  suspend   hostname
truth:  suspend   vm

test:  return a list of state that belong to a particular state .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  stop   unpatch
truth:  stop   matching

test:  execute the state of the mysql server cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   easing
truth:  change   runlevel

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  unregister a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns one of the games in a list of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  returns a list of number of bits containing the specified netmask .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  check to see if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  check if the function is a iscoroutinefunction .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  return   overlay
truth:  return   func

test:  render a template from the given config file and return the default template .
truth: render config template . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  given the expected module name .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  return an array of active names of people .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  suggest   encapsulates
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the distro id for the release .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  check if the template string contains no limit .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   storing
truth:  validate   template

test:  tests geo_point validator .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove special folders which are created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  build an option which bound to dynamically be changed from wire to dynamically load a task .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  generate a thumbnail of source files below a protected thumbnail .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   pulls
truth:  serve   null

test:  prepare a file in the given content and add its content to a file .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test that macro and display code is initialized .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert the dictionary of namespaces to a message .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  converts   scaled
truth:  converts   queue

test:  returns a base64-encoded representation of the article .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  set the exit code .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   lowercases
truth:  set   verbose

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  python 2 .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  evaluate   pulls
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  show matches matches section of an address .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the llamalab notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  train an iis function to the vocabulary given a sorted and at stop fit and a multiplicities of iterations .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  do   retrieved
truth:  do   iteration

test:  takes a mime-type and returns a tuple of types and the mime type parsed from the mime_type type .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  split   teardown
truth:  split   type

test:  create a allowed request .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pending
truth:  creates   default

test:  return snapshots that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   subtracts
truth:  return   backups

test:  computes the goodness of the hermite approximation .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  assuming   named
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   simulating
truth:  encodes   input

test:  check the version of the unto .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  reset sql database .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  executes   setup
truth:  executes   equivalent

test:  do a saved test on the specified test server .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return a list of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  return linear unit function :math:varphi(x) as a states .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   reported
truth:  rectified   function

test:  returns the image description from a given dict .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  update the date/time on the local machine or list of host_names .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   terminate
truth:  update   password

test:  copies extras extras .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  return current line number where the current active process has been run .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  yields the money locale for the specified locale and return the format .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate swirl clip by given rotation matrix .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  perform   combine
truth:  perform   transformation

test:  return the cached cached requirements file the the base directory of the requirements file this can be stored in a dictionary of cached to build the base requirements .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  add pillars paths to the list .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   ip
truth:  add   paths

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  extract a key from a referenceproperty .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  builds a dictionary of info attach to the specified network config spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  wraps a method so that it performs single-sign-on .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  like np .
truth: print returns . 
test:  print   stream
truth:  print   returns

test:  drop-in test .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  creates a new dict with an image/video data .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a url if it is a url .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  updates an existing viewpoint metadata .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   post_save
truth:  updates   metadata

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  load a certificate .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   review
truth:  load   keys

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  iterate over all format modules .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  marks a value as a dictionary to become it means .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  the restful handler for course access to the given course handler .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  normalized mutual information between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  normalized   tile
truth:  normalized   information

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  this is a *very* incomplete function which writes the file to the file using the given filename .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  calculate the magnetic field or electric potential forward field .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  do   flattening
truth:  do   field

test:  parse getnextfiles .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  disassociate eip disassociate address .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  disassociate   reissues
truth:  disassociate   eip

test:  parse an answer to the gui .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  cotangent of solutions .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  bound sum of sparse matrices by the features and b .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  yaml: build-discarder set the builds for a build step .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  gets list of active interfaces and sqlite interfaces .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  not a *l1* *l1* model .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the string x .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  compares   sleeps
truth:  compares   equality

test:  gethostbyname_ex -> return the true host name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return a list of datacenters .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator ensuring that the dataset is a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   allocate
truth:  ensuring   user

test:  returns a string representing a host .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  elementwise sign function .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  various tests for sigusr1 .
truth: gui test . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of the vms that belong to the configured locations for locations inferred enforcement .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  updates a floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   embedded
truth:  updates   example

test:  given one of three events .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  given   msg
truth:  given   component

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  delete a new floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   containing
truth:  deletes   ip

test:  return the instance that corresponds to a app_namespace_str .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  determine if the crypto needs to be available for the given crypto module .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  checks   constrained
truth:  checks   functions

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  helper to get a utf8 template handler for a python stream .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  construct   export
truth:  construct   tuple

test:  extracts the group from the type conference .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  get   default
truth:  get   part

test:  find all files under revision control .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  pull   related
truth:  pull   supervisor

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  return an otu table table sample ids note: this function is much much more dictionaries with specific set of samples contained in the case of otus and the results to
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  make   declared
truth:  make   samples

test:  yields the path to the best directory for the given list of targets containing the path .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  generates   reveal
truth:  generates   sequence

test:  add a new password cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  convert a string to a native string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  quote non-ascii characters .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  ensure   exposes
truth:  ensure   values

test:  create a user .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  authorize the cache security group to the specified ingress .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  authorize   killed
truth:  authorize   network

test:  trying to merge more ids in a u .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  example: lx listing the first word in the current optimized .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  when a datetime .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  compute the undefined mutual incoherence x .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey in a simple migration .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  tests   flattening
truth:  tests   field

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  yaml: gatling publish gatling environment variables .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   leave
truth:  set   switch

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   based
truth:  represent   address

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   resamples
truth:  get   zones

test:  getip use an ip address from a request object .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  returns an pickleable object .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  calls the configuration .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  pulls   reshapes
truth:  pulls   serialization

test:  check if a survey is required for the course .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   remap
truth:  returns   survey

test:  like shade but returns a string .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  skip a test if there is no whitespace in a set of whitespace .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  helper function for static none .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  returns the best available ebs local instance from the given zone .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  compares   suggests
truth:  compares   timezone

test:  test to make sure its members .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  returns an array with evenly spaced values within a given interval .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  orders page: displays all mass .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   bring
truth:  index   page

test:  list the packages installed on the system .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  filter   plot
truth:  filter   apps

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   guessing
truth:  clean   namespace

test:  logs out user .
truth: log out . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  release media instance in media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  return a 2-d array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if and only if the defined user is a role which will take back to the defined role .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  ensure that given }ispresentandneedstoberemoved' is absent .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  check if current host is a default interface .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  checks   paging
truth:  checks   interface

test:  close the connection object and returns it .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  saves   widgets
truth:  saves   responses

test:  show useful info after where start_time is installed .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  print   tile
truth:  print   information

test:  try to unpickle and parse the config from the designated config file .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  returns   choice
truth:  returns   formats

test:  test that a table of issues even if the feature is given .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  return the path to the appropriate rackspace driver .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns the name of the vboxmanage command .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  splits a sequence of sequences into chunks .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  insert   maps
truth:  insert   locations

test:  collect iso tags for the given message .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  iterate   pulls
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return a dictionary of information for a package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  compresses variables to list of variables .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  gives   step
truth:  gives   names

test:  return credentials .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  also work on a raw comment to a new one .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  parse   merge
truth:  parse   iso

test:  display whether sleep button can sleep on power button .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   follows
truth:  displays   button

test:  run one or more commands .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  handle   optimized
truth:  handle   script

test:  create a celery app instance .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   mutes
truth:  creates   app

test:  execute command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  generate an oauthtoken and a url to be used in the ui .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generates   allocate
truth:  generates   user

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  load the specified class from the given module .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  decorator to not a function to invoke supported function for the map of the given object .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  signal receiver of a model on pending lookups .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  appends a context from a dict to a dict .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  get the current version of the server .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  send analytics window that publish_display_data on passed is running .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  format a timestamp in pem format .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  formats   r^2
truth:  formats   form

test:  if thing is a callable .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  pulls   appending
truth:  pulls   thing

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   exposes
truth:  marks   values

test:  order all /etc/portage/package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  place   unescaped
truth:  place   entries

test:  check nova docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  revoke a cache security group from an ec2 security group to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   killed
truth:  revoke   network

test:  stop and return stats .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determines if the request user has access to do a request .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  determines   allocate
truth:  determines   user

test:  order dataframe .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  pulls   align
truth:  pulls   observation

test:  call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and templates in the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  returns current column in a string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  create a new iscsi target entry .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  determine if the config is within a disk image .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  determine if partition is valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  checks   emulate
truth:  checks   disk

test:  test interpolate stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  return a dataframe indicating if the lhs given .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if it fails .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  get a packed byte string .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   height
truth:  create   lot

test:  returns true for the node containing the callers node .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  returns a carrier description for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  converts the string that is a slice definition to a slice object .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   be
truth:  remove   acl

test:  execute sql and return a database .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  get the number of colors .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  stretch   utf-8
truth:  stretch   argument

test:  return urlparsed url with an http url .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of operation .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   colored
truth:  monitor   operation

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  check if string represents a string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert a dictionary of attributes to a single string .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute mouse drag for the duration of the given event .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  return   rfc
truth:  return   distance

test:  delete the named group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  list network interfaces .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  represent an address in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  this instance of an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   encapsulate
truth:  sets   instance

test:  boot boot metadata .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  move to a single channel .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  fill   pulls
truth:  fill   null

test:  creates a new defaulttoolstate for the given figure .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  build the top level modules configuration files .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get vector3 vertexes from radiuscomplex .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   confine
truth:  get   xmlelement

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  create a unique token using the correct hash algorithm .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  hash   scop
truth:  hash   token

test:  remove a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  return the percentage of missing data from a repository .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  loads all tests from the given module with the given unittest pattern .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  map   tear
truth:  map   module

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   randomise
truth:  fake   message

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  get   orthoganlize
truth:  get   hash

test:  general purpose of a single availability instance .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  run   encapsulate
truth:  run   instance

test:  returns the serialization serialization for atomic .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   hydrate
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons central parameters logbase .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  salt the salt request to the salt master token and desired values for salt myminion the request .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  parse a blobinfo record from a file upload .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  get the backup of a backup .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the success level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  return weeks as days .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   gives
truth:  return   days

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fetches the message of the given thread .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   randomise
truth:  fetches   message

test:  retrieve all the clusters for the given addon .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  refresh the grains .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   undo
truth:  refresh   grains

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  get a accountpolicy that can be ready to the user .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  rename a notification lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  rename   pulls
truth:  rename   null

test:  test with local private .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get index of or raise if necessary .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  transform   bump
truth:  transform   definitions

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return true if the object has a known known known .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  returns   ayoung
truth:  returns   base

test:  deserialize any string or a stream into a dictionary .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  print out a stream .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   blacklisted
truth:  print   attachments

test:  creates a new index data for the given bucket .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  check to see if a vm exists on the host .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  take the config file and return a dictionary of config instances .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  set environment variables using the proxy settings .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  import the given name .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  create a new .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  build   recreate
truth:  build   portion

test:  returns the symmetric parameter for a .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  return   serve
truth:  return   mod

test:  non-standard non-standard status of fltk based on a given url .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  set the filter output .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  returns a case of genesis and bytes from the genesis ones .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  read   unsqueeze
truth:  read   fixtures

test:  check if a string looks like a uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  parses a boolean data as its corresponding boolean value .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  read a puppet structure .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  explode   server_root
truth:  explode   opts

test:  list single single single managed servers .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  manage   wait
truth:  manage   servers

test:  parse an expression into .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   sums
truth:  parse   expression

test:  creates a valid chart chart with square .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  generates the list to the green for the discrete cluster .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  return   copies
truth:  return   clusters

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   grouping
truth:  set   system

test:  change frequency of daily updater thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   heres
truth:  change   frequency

test:  run unicode on the characters .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  utility function to get a crop of small values .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  given   forwards
truth:  given   image

test:  returns a hash of changes to the model between two fields .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  return   unrooted
truth:  return   differences

test:  parse the contents of a key .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  given a beautifulsoup star and a string with tags and an absolute path .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  make sure memory nicer are segfault .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  time   support
truth:  time   time

test:  create a tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   unparsing
truth:  creates   git

test:  returns the url for a backend [instance] in the dev_appserver .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send an email to an email address .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  pulls   factorize
truth:  pulls   verification

test:  get the file path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   suggest
truth:  get   folder

test:  show all the figures and enter the a figure .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  tests whether a phone number is a string .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  checks   sparks
truth:  checks   number

test:  return the parent of the process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  is   dumping
truth:  is   patch

test:  creates a hierarchically graph from an adjacency matrix given as a biadjacency matrix .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   publish
truth:  creates   graph

test:  create a new :class: and a youngs .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  generates a random sentence-like string of length n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  test that pydotprint does nothing .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  extracts environment variables of xml blocks from file .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  checkin test execution and registered_from files from user .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  listens   failed
truth:  listens   contributor

test:  parses the given date and returns a datetime object .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  gets   temperature
truth:  gets   date

test:  return and cpg cli example: .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  return ripple function from lower bits .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   hsv
truth:  load   grammar

test:  returns from a path .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  step 4 magnitude via a suffix .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  shuffles psea data based on its filename .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   flattens
truth:  run   output

test:  like :func:blackbody_nu except for certain nodes in the tree .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   looping
truth:  like   node

test:  to set up the template for the specified topic .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  configures   obj
truth:  configures   filters

test:  execute command output with arguments and show .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  disable memory information on the wireless system .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  like np .
truth: like zip . 
test:  like   blink
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   shed
truth:  transform   exception

test:  finds the resource path for the given resource type and get the desired path as a string .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  convert a size in bytes into a human readable format .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  simple wrapper to run a list of files .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  validate and return a string for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   unescaped
truth:  generates   entries

test:  clears accumulated statistics .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clear   step
truth:  clear   names

test:  returns a boolean if the given array with all unicode fields contains .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  returns   flow
truth:  returns   fields

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  computes the warning .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  return   ssl
truth:  return   errors

test:  module identification function that returns the python codec .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  update the qiime variables as specified by the command line .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  convenience function to search a string for keywords .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  filter out non-ip and return a dict describing all requirements .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  filter   guessing
truth:  filter   namespace

test:  load the data from the training api .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  gets the first macros on the tree tree .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  expand   exception
truth:  expand   macros

test:  test the rollback and its openshift_env even if the points from .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   splitting
truth:  test   surface

test:  setup logging with options .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  configure   forbid
truth:  configure   options

test:  fastest fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  register   enter
truth:  register   serializer

test:  returns a string representing a datetime for the unmarshall .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  ensure   img
truth:  ensure   compiler

test:  tear down test fixtures .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  test   unlinks
truth:  test   fixture

test:  return the list of images from the specified subset of a subset of that are stored in the specified subset of select .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  import a dsa key .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   listen
truth:  import   key

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   eliminates
truth:  finds   elements

test:  runs an executable check with some error .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  keep   bench
truth:  keep   value

test:  returns pairs .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   building
truth:  returns   tag

test:  return the raw response with the given http headers .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  retrieves   stubbed
truth:  retrieves   headers

test:  processing the given status code and return the parsed contents .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   emulate
truth:  reads   disk

test:  returns the path to the directory where the given cscript is located .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only works on windows systems with layman installed .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  yaml: zmq zeromq event on certain zeromq .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  convert a value in a human readable format into a human readable format .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  chisquare goodness-of-fit test .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  pulls   integrating
truth:  pulls   scipy

test:  setup the itunes platform .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return its results of the current environment .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  generates a set of top classes and repeats the same set of duration .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns the dir() of the given diffchunkgenerator .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  given the name of a python module path .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  clones an existing virtual machine server .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   rising
truth:  clones   group

test:  require a service to be blocked .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  require   chew
truth:  require   service

test:  decorator to ensure that the current user has the expected editor .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait for a message to be associated with a nopython instance .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  closes   extracts
truth:  closes   socket

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  search string for use in a filesystem .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  returns all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  logs   checking
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates a fake option for an option .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  tests whether url is shown without throwing an old style .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  to update instances of a dictionary with the keys .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  add   scans
truth:  add   pairs

test:  create a continuous random variable with a von mises distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the tag from a series of tag tuples .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  main entry point .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  check   reverses
truth:  check   services

test:  create an index object for given set of target .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  test for get word from expected syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to be visible .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   unlocking
truth:  copy   source

test:  execute a sql module .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  generate   requesting
truth:  generate   i

test:  compute content of a - somebody for use with a given start .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  check   localize
truth:  check   reference

test:  returns the canonical extension for the given module .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  unregister   batch
truth:  unregister   code

test:  parse a string as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  interpret   gauss
truth:  interpret   strings

test:  save a background editor to the database with a background key .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  execute hiera and read data from cobbler .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the start and path of the vpn status .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  gets   point
truth:  gets   status

test:  generate a line of the minimums side on a given length .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  create   small_stmts
truth:  create   line

test:  gets the name of this checker .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a nice object .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  turn   install
truth:  turn   response

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   vms
truth:  mark   thread

test:  return the cache file .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   safe_octal
truth:  walk   class

test:  a tuple to extract word blocks from a raw word .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  returns   breaking
truth:  returns   candidates

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  test   centralized
truth:  test   backup

test:  add a handler to the internal cleanup .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  runs one or more items in the given package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a table or an elasticache table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  describe   bounds
truth:  describe   table

test:  only load if hiera is installed .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  gets the list of available audio output modules .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   switch
truth:  frees   list

test:  creates a new :class: .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   supports
truth:  read   text

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  check if the user has an asn that doesnt exist or not .
truth: check acls . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return subgraph communicability for each node of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  decrypt the aes ciphertext .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypts   pulls
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  check "no" members .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  compare   forgets
truth:  compare   filesystem

test:  parses a property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   were
truth:  parses   property

test:  handles the pending hub to synloop .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  blocking   chown
truth:  blocking   loop

test:  extract the source code of a filename from the source code .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  factory function to create a new implementation .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if there is a tty key .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a 2-tuple containing .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   compile
truth:  patch   documentation

test:  return the old connections on an old user .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  gets   differentiate
truth:  gets   accounts

test:  set quota usage dirty bit for a given resource and multiple usage .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   compose
truth:  set   usage

test:  return the list of paths to be run inside a virtualenv .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  return the list of paths that form a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  memset on the pointer and credit by adding a module to it .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  fill   hover
truth:  fill   bytes

test:  retrieve a query from the given dataset .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the gaps of a polygon .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  helper to check if digitalocean has write access to the current session .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  yield pieces of data with chunk in chunks .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  generates a random word of random source code .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  convert an array of iana to a shape space .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  return   overwrites
truth:  return   shape

test:  display a list of the variation of variation .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  helper function to help handles vpc .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  notify   deregister
truth:  notify   jobs

test:  stop the named service cli example: .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  parses the soap enveloped saml thing and returns the thing as a string .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   inserted
truth:  parses   saml

test:  make sure a docker app is running .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  send a blueprints .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  configure   registering
truth:  configure   views

test:  remove list of entries from a list .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   boot
truth:  gpu_from_host   dot

test:  counts the number of elements in a sequence .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  get the harris points of the source space based on harrisim .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  returns whether the request is a ratelimited .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  pulls   resolved
truth:  pulls   threads

test:  return a copy of the dictionary metadata for all datasets .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  return the version of module .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return event to pg server .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   lowering
truth:  return   postgres

test:  create a new node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  create   score
truth:  create   staff

test:  generate globally = .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  similar to ones .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  return   quoting
truth:  return   comma

test:  return a user with an issues .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  pulls   present
truth:  pulls   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  setup the stopped component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  yaml: grails configure jenkins using grails .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  destroy the named service .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  unregister   hostname
truth:  unregister   vm

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  convenience function to open a temporary file and return the resulting list for it .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  checks that we are running as a pre-release .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  checks   flip
truth:  checks   python

test:  compute the quotechar summary of the collections to be belong to the h2 -l .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  computes   import
truth:  computes   summary

test:  test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   constructs
truth:  test   lock

test:  setup the insteon hub light platform .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return true if the iteration is a system .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  load a module from a file .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the current active window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  this decorator is used to verify that views in views .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  logs a log message containing a given episodes .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  log   remove
truth:  log   history

test:  converts value into rgb values .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  change   detects
truth:  change   color

test:  create a users compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  normalize the string representing the strings that contains a single string .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  exception   negate
truth:  exception   resource

test:  checking message types of artifacts .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  guarantee   intersect
truth:  guarantee   picks

test:  waits for the element to become visibility .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  returns the path to the repo root .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   evpn
truth:  create   schema

test:  parses a single medline file handle .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  given a string of characters representing a phone number .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  test   sparks
truth:  test   number

test:  like ones_like .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  pulls   predicate
truth:  pulls   sql

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   strided
truth:  evaluates   cosine

test:  simulates a sequence of path .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  function   decimals
truth:  function   storage

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  replaces invalid chars in text with ? .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator doesnt add .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   shed
truth:  raising   exception

test:  normalize the text .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  create a network device .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  show an image labels from the standard column .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  show   forwards
truth:  show   image

test:  the schema .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a python name in the given string .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   stores
truth:  encode   name

test:  regression test for url .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  returns the text from a node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  unlock module-level lock to be used in a module-level .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  dumps a python dict by these rules: into a dict with a pandas way .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a source to the source .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   pulls
truth:  instructs   null

test:  add faces and direction to volume traversal .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  correct   swaps
truth:  correct   faces

test:  loads an output file from a directory of resources .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  configure   currents
truth:  configure   state

test:  returns true if python module exists and the python module matches the given module .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  checks   downloading
truth:  checks   package

test:  build a comment .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  return   tracks
truth:  return   urls

test:  render context as a string to context .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  set the different indentation to the console .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  like scipy .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  if you already have a valid identity key .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   trivial
truth:  delete   connection

test:  validate user rate limiting rate .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  pulls   lash
truth:  pulls   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   pulls
truth:  needs   null

test:  find occurrences of a project .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  return   maps
truth:  return   locations

test:  reference the repository reference inbound .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  set   displaying
truth:  set   ref

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  list permissions for a cassandra cluster .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   expand
truth:  list   permissions

test:  return true if folder is hidden in this folder .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  parses a full spec string like the provided range header and converts it to a tuple of range encoding .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  returns   throttle
truth:  returns   unit

test:  produce an array of largest elements of a numpy array .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  convert volume to a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  convert   aligns
truth:  convert   volume

test:  assert that the median value is never a single vector .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  identify   exposes
truth:  identify   values

test:  displays a dashboard dashboard add .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  add   reserializes
truth:  add   widget

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  pulls   act
truth:  pulls   categories

test:  remove a unicode string from an oauth-compatible text .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  setup argument parsing .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  setup   utf-8
truth:  setup   argument

test:  this function takes a string and returns a python object that contains all outstanding character .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  fake   carry
truth:  fake   test

test:  returns cards if the tag does not exist .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  visit whether a frame is a byte string .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  computes   github
truth:  computes   frame

test:  raises an exception .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  lookup   unpublicizes
truth:  lookup   description

test:  yaml: exclusion configure exclusion .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is registered to see if a registered user .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  work around a base path .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  convert a hex string to a r object .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  gets skype .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  send notification event for notification event .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  like a shell command .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  delete a repository in a given directory .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  recursively convert string to codepoints strings .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  return a intersection graph of the uniform graph .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   greps
truth:  return   intersection

test:  returns a list of articles that apply to those topics .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  get a batch of batch normalization from the galaxy set of updates .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  extends the items to xml .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  convert   enhance
truth:  convert   items

test:  train a model class based on the current device .
truth: train model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  records a daemon to the daemon allowing efficient registration of multiple individual records .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  read   resetting
truth:  read   reply

test:  resets the use the pilight enumeration .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  fire   randomise
truth:  fire   message

test:  xors an array of array[i] .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  constructs   restrict
truth:  constructs   array

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   imsave
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  get the scope value for an api call .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  list all users on a database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   registering
truth:  list   views

test:  list sorting into a location .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  joins   maps
truth:  joins   locations

test:  change unicode to a string .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  code   unlocks
truth:  code   lexer

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation options: name the latest version of the package to be installed packages .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  test that a table with primary keys .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  solve the generator specific info that gets fed to input .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  return a list of sql statements required to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  send a mirc task to access a task .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  returns a userrpc to use to contact the number of instances .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   capture
truth:  write   bit

test:  a simple view that returns the request data in the context .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  run a test case flow .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  check that a value is an integer within a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  return the given dashboard .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  add a system path to sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  adds   ip
truth:  adds   paths

test:  compute the tell of the current black value .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  simply test code used to parse stdin .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  calls   imposes
truth:  calls   f

test:  check if the ensuring option is valid .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validates   translates
truth:  validates   flags

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  alias for max_elemwise{x .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  pulls   protects
truth:  pulls   args

test:  converts basestring objects to unicode .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   mounts
truth:  convert   objects

test:  unpack the data to a usable channel data .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   restoring
truth:  unpack   data

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  pulls   template
truth:  pulls   sitemap

test:  transforms the output of parse() into tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   removing
truth:  transforms   parse

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  return the search that are installed .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  gather   raised
truth:  gather   distributions

test:  helper to provide sensible default function to handle cgi and cache its results .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  same as a is b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  note   created
truth:  note   mode

test:  adapt the data of the array or the add_eeg_ref method .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  adapt   teardown
truth:  adapt   type

test:  set the approval of the command .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  test client_id and make sure the unicode dups page .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  test 'rm-ffoo' .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  process telnet version using telnet .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  process   extract
truth:  process   version

test:  parse a command line of the iterable of alias objects .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  match   supports
truth:  match   text

test:  return a resource at a given path to a resource .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  test that passing only .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates the user raised by streamfield .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  check   error
truth:  check   bracket

test:  imports the driver for a driver backend .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  log   includes
truth:  log   entrance

test:  get a specific url .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  get   interpret
truth:  get   dashboard

test:  write one unit at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   throttle
truth:  write   unit

test:  return a set of all unique classes .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  function to truncate exception instances to a dict .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  verify that rbenv is installed and of rbenv to run rbenv .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare two sequences .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  ordered   databook
truth:  ordered   comparison

test:  fetch libzmq .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  show all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   usage
truth:  show   rows

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort order sort date .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  handles   exposes
truth:  handles   values

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  perform a linear programming on each row in the positive classifications .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  pulls   patches
truth:  pulls   permutations

test:  gets the data from 2 weeks ago and formats it as output so that we can get a percent change .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  gets   restoring
truth:  gets   data

test:  takes a list of tuples and closest row connected to the closest row .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  produce   cleaning
truth:  produce   matrix

test:  function to decide which calculators the calculators ability to store a function of the navigation class that gets passed as aggregates .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clean up the old jobs .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  called   rescales
truth:  called   event

test:  produce a class class for a :class:pyramid object .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  return local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   forwards
truth:  threshold   image

test:  return an alert or primary key for the user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  converts a message to a pretty string .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  helper to patch errors that are assigned to a requests .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  create   located
truth:  create   method

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  register a process handler for the given pid .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  get an event transaction id from the event cache .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  retrieves   cast
truth:  retrieves   transaction

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   flip
truth:  apply   python

test:  returns what the item wants to be "smartly" .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  choose   teardown
truth:  choose   type

test:  returns the last courseware module for the specified user .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  converts the length string to a value .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  search for an artist-list .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   centers
truth:  search   labels

test:  approximation of top_k .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  apply   review
truth:  apply   keys

test:  parse a string referring to the given repository .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  validate that the value of the module is installed .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  check   plot
truth:  check   apps

test:  yaml: scoverage publish trend reports with build .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the base url of a url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  remove   disable
truth:  remove   |

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  encode -> list turns the arguments into a list .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  retrieve usage usage associated with given resources .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  refresh   catching
truth:  refresh   quota

test:  return the input that contribute to orphans and owner .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  extract   hanging
truth:  extract   variables

test:  start the environment to start all running commands .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   pts
truth:  start   rpc

test:  update blog posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  create a user with administrator role .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  sends an encrypted keypair for a given aggregate .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the maximum statistic for a single non-singleton inconsistent and its descendents .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  calculates   stopped
truth:  calculates   statistics

test:  return row of a recordtype reference in a regular order .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  translate   step
truth:  translate   names

test:  determine the disk image types used to convert the wagtailimages_image_model will reside within an image .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   bartels
truth:  clear   contents

test:  return the specified package versions .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  sets the system id on the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  sets   search
truth:  sets   d

test:  closes out the user and creating the session session with the same name .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate the passed policies .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  verify that value is a valid message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  writes a list of longs to a function-call file .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  description} administrators -- gets the first youtube requests for <query> -- gets query parameter from the jenkins database .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copies   restrict
truth:  copies   array

test:  execute a single get request .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  pulls   examine
truth:  pulls   brick

test:  cleans a directory tree .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  erase   resample
truth:  erase   directories

test:  preprocesses preprocesses the file to a temporary file .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  pulls   succeed
truth:  pulls   request_response

test:  create the default signal map for this system .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  make   quotes
truth:  make   map

test:  run a command on a remote machine .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  returns the greatest common integral of x and z .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  return   throw
truth:  return   x

test:  decode string encoded in the null encoding .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  update a namespace .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  create a string of bytes from a integer .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  only load the module if keyring is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  parses a named list of paths and returns a dictionary containing the resulting number of named elements .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  counts the number of permutations and returns the congruent permutations .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  return the feature positive vector of the matrix subsumes .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  run geonodes from the specified records .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  get a suitable app for the application .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test default values are not manipulated in raw .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   pending
truth:  test   default

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  setup the available products .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  resolve an ip address to the local machine name .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  extract the vbench offsets from a url and return a url this extracts the beautifulsoup url: and is formatted to the art .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  parses   building
truth:  parses   tag

test:  ensure that the named user is absent .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  make plot for image .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  load   understemmed
truth:  load   results

test:  get information for method .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   specifies
truth:  get   methods

test:  perform rewrites on all unattended .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  test whether two open file calendar .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  list all the manifest for a specific list of addons .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  list   bans
truth:  list   resources

test:  send a resides error value for a volume group .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  has   pulls
truth:  has   null

test:  publish a collection of protocols which will be generated from my data .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  publish   failing
truth:  publish   style

test:  send a message to the communication .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  pulls   skips
truth:  pulls   connections

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  apply function to a function .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate the discrete info regression on an array of any features .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   were
truth:  delete   property

test:  return the number of nodes the the interface .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  given a number of md5 message along the string .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  google google google storage credentials for credentials .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  obtain   expose
truth:  obtain   credentials

test:  close the schedule and set the given number of participants .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  set   rebuilds
truth:  set   scheduler

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   parens
truth:  make   figure

test:  write the specified certificate to disk .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  fetch   traverse
truth:  fetch   cert

test:  copies new file and rename it to another root .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  given a generator .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  parse the tal channel .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   db
truth:  parse   annotation

test:  maps data to a location of a resource - used by access to every url .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  extracts all the data from a buffer .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  reset the notifications used by unit .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  clear   requests
truth:  clear   brain

test:  convert all keys in a dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  return from the repository describing readme files that are defined as readme .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  returns a dictionary of status of environment variables cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   point
truth:  display   status

test:  get the influxdb08 where the given cluster is in it .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  returns   banned
truth:  returns   children

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   labeled
truth:  fetch   file

test:  utility function to convert a column string like an re .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  find the full image where we find the given image .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  read the next n bytes from the data .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  tries to find an element with given id .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  builds a sysv server running on the server .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  pulls   hashing
truth:  pulls   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  generate a new wcs wcs .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  generates   secret

test:  make a user a member of organization .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   archive
truth:  make   member

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  copy test to media module directory .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  takes an object and returns a single position object containing that can be internals as per second number .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  turn   query
truth:  turn   position

test:  execute a remote execution command .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  send notification event to a plot on notifies .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  show   searches
truth:  show   duration

test:  a task to create a bokeh commit commit in a course .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  this creates a temporary directory that is deleted on context exit .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  return membership .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  update or add manifest xml as a user object .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   restoring
truth:  update   data

test:  load a load text from a path .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  assign _get_conn to the global service and return the functions to the location of the service .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   crack
truth:  assign   _

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  pulls   browse
truth:  pulls   testsuite

test:  helper: get a date .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  download the files that belong to a package .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  download   simplifies
truth:  download   packages

test:  return the value for the key specified as a dict with the argument .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  list of hosts of all hosts .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  entry point for project .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   reserializes
truth:  return   widget

test:  ensure that the scope of the scope dictionary is dimension .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   executing
truth:  changes   csrf

test:  returns an author representation of the user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  restful crud controller - used for searching for searching for people by skill - used for searching for searching for skill permissions .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  compute nt zeros and values of the airy function zeros and its derivative .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  link to url .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  returns the auto step size for a given step and max .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  compute   analyzes
truth:  compute   size

test:  alternative implementation to run a list of arguments .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  create a form that renders a form with an optional form .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   storing
truth:  create   template

test:  use the most likely version to make sure that the most likely to the given var(1) .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  manage   try
truth:  manage   checkout

test:  retrieves entities entities in the memcache .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  get   daemonize
truth:  get   memcache

test:  return a list of the rm module mods to name .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get all available plugin classes .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the list of script choices for the script .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  generates   preselected
truth:  generates   choice

test:  download and minutes? a autostart file .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generator function generator .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  get a keys from the user_registered service .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  pulls   obj
truth:  pulls   filters

test:  deprecated since arraylike is not a valid cursor .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create a new equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  creates and returns a model instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  return field definition with the given schema .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  produce   compress
truth:  produce   db

test:  return a temporary directory to execute the function from sys .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  pulls   restructure
truth:  pulls   tmpdir

test:  aux function .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  preprocess   batch
truth:  preprocess   code

test:  try to increase resource limits of the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  try   negate
truth:  try   resource

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple with versioninfo and return it .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  project delete confirmation view make a project as deleted on post .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  load a module from a file system path .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  converts a datetime to local time in the given time zone .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  returns an expression of cross-entropy in the multivariate gaussian .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  deprecated name .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  pulls   backup
truth:  pulls   properties

test:  converts a string argument to a subclass of attributes .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  match   plan
truth:  match   profile

test:  return the list of file names to only python data .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test evoked data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  return a list of up to tuples of given safe_peekline .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  yaml: critical this plug-in allows you to start a build process .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read a template from a file .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  decorator to enforce read-only logic .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  returns the leading monomial of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  create new ip address .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  import the given path and return the corresponding dict .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  import   define
truth:  import   path

test:  verify if the formatting attribute on a formatting class to verify that the __pycache__ attribute gets registered as well .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verify   enhanced
truth:  verify   object

test:  return details for component views .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  constructs   msg
truth:  constructs   component

test:  generator to iterate over a directory .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  this should be a pydot over a banner numpy array .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  push a user to the event .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  take   knapsack
truth:  take   request

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  reconstruct an item from a db .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  pulls   partitions
truth:  pulls   category

test:  load a modules from a module setting .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   init
truth:  load   modules

test:  a list of tasks as a tuple of dictionaries .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  creates the access token from an app app engine .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse a string according to rfc crossing start in structured format .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  zfill -> string return a zfill version of x .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  pulls   locks
truth:  pulls   pad

test:  replace problematic characters with xxx and their appropriate version of a column on or a string .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  fixes   step
truth:  fixes   names

test:  check explicit import import of the _ function we need to translate any explicitly that we need to translate the _ function to translate to translate explicit errors to translate
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   rearranges
truth:  check   import

test:  we have a persistent file .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  unquotes   define
truth:  unquotes   path

test:  multiplies the values in a tensor .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  multiply   exposes
truth:  multiply   values

test:  returns a list of indices with states of stochastic reviewers reviewers than or indices of the given stochastic algorithm .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  compute   view
truth:  compute   q

test:  restart the network device .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  do   hostname
truth:  do   vm

test:  check if a file with given user/group .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  sets the second axis matrix for a standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   analyzes
truth:  sets   size

test:  get simple reshape line arguments to determine the parser .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  get the list of fragment settings and return a list of the settings .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  determine   bench
truth:  determine   value

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from csrf .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  get all zookeeper ips for an location .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   reported
truth:  retrieves   function

test:  run config .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   deflate
truth:  test   config

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  returns the default language for the given localetuple .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  builds   batch
truth:  builds   code

test:  use in a sql string to make a spot for a db module .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  find the nearest component of a component of component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check cpaste of cpaste .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  writes the string to a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  dump   labeled
truth:  dump   file

test:  test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values as columns and multi columns .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  check if the url has a url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  returns   eliminating
truth:  returns   cache

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  temporarily patch the tests to a specific set of dictionaries .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  test if the object is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   pulls
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the list of comment comments .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return true if the geojson-suitable is swapping .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  pulls   normalizes
truth:  pulls   loader

test:  runs the api on the basic schema .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  bootstraps   storing
truth:  bootstraps   template

test:  evaluate a new state .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  return   currents
truth:  return   state

test:  run the given node .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  function   looping
truth:  function   node

test:  get the name of the file without the file .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  is used where the server is improved correctly .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  is   starts
truth:  is   nothing

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get last array to complex matrix .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the pipe line of a pipe or a tuple of two sequences .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  creates a mock .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  prepare   install
truth:  prepare   response

test:  search for series and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieves the host .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the string-like arg .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  independent independent variables from .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  return   protects
truth:  return   args

test:  gets the user for the given username or username .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  this function expects an error on a translated header in a string to test the equivalent of the response headers .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   stores
truth:  unsets   name

test:  this is a proxy function to return an object .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  updates repo from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   deployments
truth:  updates   sources

test:  process the xml element if any .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  is this media player have? .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  is   specifying
truth:  is   player

test:  start the given file if the specified filename exists .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   formatted
truth:  print   rate

test:  compares html and return true if expected matches the tree .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  return the hmac-sha1 of parts of a signature .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  generates   tell
truth:  generates   signature

test:  get grid grid url .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  returns   stacking
truth:  returns   grid

test:  return all weighers functions .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  create an error string .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   shed
truth:  returns   exception

test:  returns the xsrf token that can be used to get the given token in the given entity .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a restful crud reference to a file for a given ref .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this code will be called after the tests .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  rename   tuple
truth:  rename   branch

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  return a sqlalchemy version of a string .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  quotes   pulls
truth:  quotes   null

test:  return the encoding preferred encoding for the given locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  settings   pulls
truth:  settings   null

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test that the sigmoid calibration class is class .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  reload all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  stop   put
truth:  stop   rules

test:  this validate a validator .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a version based on the git .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  pulls   uses
truth:  pulls   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string to a hash for the given course .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  this function ensures that the file with unnamed encoding of the same data in the table format .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  authenticate via http auth .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pulls   wrapped
truth:  pulls   permission

test:  update opkg package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return retlist for xxx retlist .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  returns a 3-tuple: .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a list of test module names from a given list of test modules .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  reduce the image along the haematoxylin-eosin-dab than one image .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  perform   deprecated
truth:  perform   interpolation

test:  produce the user defined in the currently selected mappers .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  returns true if the object is a generator .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  check for file whether we can init the specified frame .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  function   purging
truth:  function   iff

test:  compute the unnormalized field whose i-th for x and y .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  gets the absolute path of the file to be included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  checks if the password has access to the current user .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  send an rebulk object to rebulk .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  renders a stylesheet for a given object .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  knapsack for two linear values .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  knapsack   pulls
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  this function is designed to register all matplotlib units .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  register   shortens
truth:  register   classes

test:  update translations file .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  update   gauss
truth:  update   strings

test:  converts dtype types to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  converts   verify
truth:  converts   stata

test:  parses an identifier source string to a number of characters .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  passes   reencrypt
truth:  passes   start

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   skipped
truth:  calculate   use

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  unserialize shape of a variable to the variable and do not apply to the variable .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  pulls   shortcut
truth:  pulls   var

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return encoding preferred environment encoding encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  alias for storing the local cache .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  removes   suggest
truth:  removes   folder

test:  adds a new given message to the feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  information about the registered status .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  convert an image to a boolean and if it is a 2d copy .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  creates a config port for the specified backing port .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  extends the given user using the different email scores .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  is   map
truth:  is   implementation

test:  return true if attachment has attachment permissions .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  get a 28x28x[number of the class_ matrix containing the labels .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  so all keyspaces can be used in the organization to remove "conf" out of the backwards .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  recursively load all broken tests .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  load   unload
truth:  load   client

test:  on python 3 .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  helper function to build a firewall rule for http connections .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  validate an event collection .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   rescales
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  a function to check if a user has the current password to do it is not a user .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  decodes a facet from serialization or a list of dbkey .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  return the correct directory for the given file or directory .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  asserts   define
truth:  asserts   path

test:  send a helpful message to a file .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns all the available settings for this ec2 instance .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  update an updated repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   commit
truth:  update   repository

test:  try to guess a moref and return the matrices .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns the latest common maps common to strings that start with the given snapshot .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  pick   indexes
truth:  pick   snapshot

test:  dump the input to a nested expression for populating input .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  slices   transliterate
truth:  slices   variable

test:  returns a list of language codes for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  disassociate all qos specs from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  return a client object .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  establish   trivial
truth:  establish   connection

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   cleaning
truth:  estimate   matrix

test:  return a list of packages specified on the system and their states cli example: .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  read the cached file-accessible .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  given a string dev .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  prepend   inform
truth:  prepend   entry

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   drawing
truth:  submit   tags

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   lets
truth:  is   handler

test:  status view .
truth: status view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability zones cli example: .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a field from a group .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   flattening
truth:  pull   field

test:  function converts a penn sequence to a tuple .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  describe   currents
truth:  describe   state

test:  make sure the given message was logged via javascript .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  test happy .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  return   binhexed
truth:  return   tests

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a list of complex points .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  update the module in the remote and record its remote sources .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  returns a tuple of two independent objects .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  get the changed hash of a file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  compare   orthoganlize
truth:  compare   hash

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  alternative function to handle value not single helper .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  see   tear
truth:  see   module

test:  given the given shells on a shell for this system via filter-abund-single .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  return   generating
truth:  return   shell

test:  prompt the user to choose between a list of options and user .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  place a database under migration migration .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  generate a new url for a given basket .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  function   deflate
truth:  function   config

test:  stacks arrays along a dict .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   turn
truth:  translate   case

test:  given an iterable of iterables .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  synchronize   constant_expression_opt
truth:  synchronize   iterables

test:  only load an error if the service is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  warn   pulls
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  parameters seq : sequence returns first item in sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  for second weekday .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the argument string for the filename .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  separate a vm from a random script on the virtualbox hypervisor .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  compares the testcase for the home directory .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  using   using
truth:  using   hack

test:  get an migration of an user .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  clear   generate
truth:  clear   users

test:  try to store a store_fs where pootle_path and store it as numbered for the given project .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  create   unleash
truth:  create   store

test:  produce a moduledescription ref for the given iterable .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  preferred filter to handle the first active logarithm .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  pulls   locate
truth:  pulls   filtering

test:  creates a command to make a flag suitable for use in tests .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  construct   instantiate
truth:  construct   arguments

test:  get a list of the active history history for a single active history .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  get   branching
truth:  get   progress

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  test that the inputtogpuoptimizer optimizer make sure the gpu implementation is initialized to the correct op .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  check the current status cli example: .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  show   clones
truth:  show   server

test:  escape a string to escape some web sequences .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  wrap   drawing
truth:  wrap   tags

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   serialize
truth:  parses   str

test:  astropy a :app:pyramid .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  pulls   updates
truth:  pulls   wsgi

test:  clean a path .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  accepts   define
truth:  accepts   path

test:  delegated delegated to a given string .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  does   rect
truth:  does   work

test:  convert a binary string to nibbles escape sequence .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   tracked
truth:  convert   s

test:  returns a string identifying of an object .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  truncate argument-string to string1 and include: quotes .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return available packet datacenter projects .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   determine
truth:  return   projects

test:  signal out the arguments passed to the function arguments .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  assuming   tell
truth:  assuming   signature

test:  run the given process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  get the default repository .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   sqlmap
truth:  get   limit

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  competency basins .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return the name of a service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  show   backup
truth:  show   properties

test:  please avoid saving .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  decorator for a class with the given arguments .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  defines   reported
truth:  defines   function

test:  yaml: url allows you to add a url for each url that started the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment scm to each scm .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  list the last line of the help .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  point   reported
truth:  point   function

test:  for a slice @todo: set of columns or dictionaries parameters mat_stream : pd .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  slice   pandas
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  get all example that occur by iterating over http connections .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  uncache the cache storage path from sys .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  ensure   phred
truth:  ensure   caches

test:  decorator for checking if theres a subtest failures .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  insert the environment variables in the environment .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  supply   retain
truth:  supply   platform

test:  get best comments for a given unit .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sync modified files to file .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  compiles a client from a compiler .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   dst
truth:  compile   c

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  pulls   attacked
truth:  pulls   stats

test:  redirect to seconds .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  generate   asserting
truth:  generate   redirect

test:  pull the refs file from refs to the refs file .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  pull   pulls
truth:  pull   null

test:  this function provides functionality for the announcements template context variable containing that value can be set to a form community .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  concatenate multiple results .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  concatenate   mounts
truth:  concatenate   objects

test:  issues a resource at the given output .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   negate
truth:  query   resource

test:  parse out the http header list and return a tuple that can be verified in the supplied keqv .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  helper function to make the logsumexp product of array .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  computes   landing
truth:  computes   sum

test:  return the fast coefficient for key .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  trimmed   extract
truth:  trimmed   version

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  compute   contrasts
truth:  compute   digest

test:  return html indicating that the users payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  renders a list of ip/cidr video names .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  receive and receive suffix until the receive are up .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   extracts
truth:  receive   socket

test:  checks whether obj is a container parameters obj : object object to check for .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  x is n*m axis==0: columns axis==1: rows .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  compute   checkout
truth:  compute   way

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  convert string to unicode object .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  return any valid eat descriptor for this is used to display .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  read   flattening
truth:  read   field

test:  convert a files to a list .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  omnibus test of a binary form .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  consume the iterator .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  formats the duration of duration as a string of seconds .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  format   suppresses
truth:  format   seconds

test:  tries to delete the request headers .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  table tables -> table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  test basic correctness function .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns major version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns information about the course that are the xblocks state of the xblocks release state for the xblocks state .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  test fill option with a none filled serie .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  given an error task .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the real power of a complex .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  is this a final symlink .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  approx of strings; in a and b .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  instantiate a deferred .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  skip   cie
truth:  skip   predicate

test:  clear the system and reattempt the removal .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  error   lets
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  delete hosts .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  start a machine time service service :return: true if successful .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  most recent pages are built .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  load the windows images .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  multiply the ellipse2d of either gettext or -exp(x) and return the result as either gettext or starting .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   configured
truth:  parse   tree

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   colorized
truth:  construct   context

test:  select the list of supported language supported by the installed python .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  select   flip
truth:  select   python

test:  unpack dict of files into files .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine to the given disk .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   paging
truth:  attaches   interface

test:  create a proxy for shell lists of expressions .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  instantiate   distribute
truth:  instantiate   proxy

test:  return the first match in a dictionary of target patterns .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  search   coupling
truth:  search   target

test:  recursively traverse a path .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  compress   disconnects
truth:  compress   dir

test:  avoid duplicating page index explicitly needs to be set .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get grouped data from grouped by the appropriate mako table .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  form   restoring
truth:  form   data

test:  returns the version of english string .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  decide   pulls
truth:  decide   null

test:  retrieve the list of subpages from the system .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  given   assume
truth:  given   header

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  checks that the given version matches the given version .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  test   stores
truth:  test   name

test:  some replace handler .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  send the global context object into the context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  adds   hanging
truth:  adds   variables

test:  minimize a function using the downhill maxiter .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   reported
truth:  minimize   function

test:  parse bundle controls from xml root of the network root .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  get   autoencoder
truth:  get   xml

test:  install and parse the path hook into a serialized section path .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   commit
truth:  install   repository

test:  given the given activities to the datastore .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  create and configure a new api on the api .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  solves bernoulli differential equation with special case of 2 .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  use pexpect to retrieve the output of show ip int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  install a setuptools setuptools and return its appropriate setuptools .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  formats the first character of a value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  returns the matrix multiplication of a matrix .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   packs
truth:  returns   transpose

test:  attempt to parse the message and extract user data .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  guess the map of certname and get choices as a dict .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  get   trailing
truth:  get   flag

test:  return event to pg server .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  generate a generator for a namespace key .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  construct volume types from volume based on volume .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   recover
truth:  uninstall   gems

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  transforms a series of numbers to a series .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transforms   renders
truth:  transforms   series

test:  get the first word of the lines after the first occurence of the lines in the lines .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   limiting
truth:  parse   order

test:  create a new computenode and update the values dictionary .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  add "value" brew to directory path .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  attempt forced removal of a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  remove   inputs
truth:  remove   monitor

test:  not contain utf-8 delimiter or unicode paths that it is utf-8 for utf-8 and utf-8 are utf-8 .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  gets a phone number for the specified region and number type .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get the sites cookie vcode .
truth: codestring - 调用check_login()时返回的codestring . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  get all available rules cli example: .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  get   content
truth:  get   globals

test:  return path to a pid or conf file for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  add blank line to eliot and eliot .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  differentiate genslices deviation: from largest to the given number .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  generate   redefine
truth:  generate   slices

test:  converts the next free ip or ipv6 address to its classical decimal .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  convert a dictionary of utc date format to a string .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  finds ip addresses of entity to sample functions .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  report   optimize
truth:  report   quotas

test:  write a new pair .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  replace   crack
truth:  replace   _

test:  yaml: tox this trigger allows you to define "weight" on each build as a dictionary whose quotas are built the jenkins path to the jenkins with tox and slave nodes
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it should repr the repr of a scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  implements   crack
truth:  implements   _

test:  test whether two results from an ndarray are ignored .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts a file path to a dotted module name .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  converts   define
truth:  converts   path

test:  return url to remove_tag_async on question .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  decode a bson oid to python oid .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   locking
truth:  decode   bson

test:  yield paths/uris of a step in the given step .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  formats a header using the widget data .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  generate   publish
truth:  generate   graph

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  add cylinder holes to negatives .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  parse a physmem .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  asserts   install
truth:  asserts   response

test:  queries an tags: query and return a dictionary of query .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  fetch   xlsx
truth:  fetch   query

test:  copy a network tag to package_dirpath .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  persist   forms
truth:  persist   result

test:  removes parameters and return them according to the parameters or a list of the parameters .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  append   populates
truth:  append   params

test:  verify that the optimized format have a recent format .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get the datastore name of a configuration file for the desired rpc .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  open and return a text file .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   bring
truth:  open   page

test:  this is a generator which provides a generator of parsed when a changeset of groups is used .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  extracts the line number for elts we can do node .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   throw
truth:  add   x

test:  fixture that returns a lock with the same name .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  blocking   unlinks
truth:  blocking   fixture

test:  helper function to create a com object that can fire to a com object .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  verifies that a certificate is a valid certificate revocation certificates to verify that the certificate revocation .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  return a list of files in the s3 bucket for a specific bucket .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   post_save
truth:  looks   metadata

test:  show and use the common infinite word in the same .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  prints   minpoly(add
truth:  prints   words

test:  return an unpickled flow object corresponding to given token .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  retrieves   encapsulate
truth:  retrieves   instance

test:  temperature the preface file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  return the karma with the given text .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this is called when the process fails .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  m   cleaning
truth:  m   matrix

test:  takes a cron file to determine if the users uid and writes it verbose returns true .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  traverse up from current directory and find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  decorator skip test if decorator is true .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  walk a directory and yield each full path that is in the given directory .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   unlocking
truth:  iterate   source

test:  filter out the common configuration variables and their types .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a query containing python widgets for the given shell .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  extract   generating
truth:  extract   shell

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  mask function to check if pythons 8bit is missing .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  implements   control
truth:  implements   generation

test:  validate children .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   banned
truth:  validate   children

test:  run the application with the code in the background .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  patch information on a file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return the largest embedded raster image in an image .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   abort
truth:  return   raster

test:  returns a tuple of pep8 violations from pep8 .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  maps a string to a message .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  salts *p .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  parse   purge
truth:  parse   requirements

test:  get any new elements and process the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   eliminates
truth:  get   elements

test:  same as a[b] = a .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a absolute path outside the archive .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   rearranges
truth:  ensure   import

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  returns   protected
truth:  returns   urlconf

test:  convert the region of an image .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  resizes   rabins
truth:  resizes   bitmap

test:  delete an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  generator that yields unique elements .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   initalize
truth:  returns   k

test:  gpu gpu system gpu memory .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  pulls   modify
truth:  pulls   gpu

test:  setup the graphite events .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   bump
truth:  setup   definitions

test:  connect to a mongodb database or list of mongodb files in mongodb .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  get a specific sm backend for a given sr .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   replicate
truth:  get   sm

test:  parse the volume info .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  log the use of the page .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  log   knapsack
truth:  log   request

test:  normalizes markdown text from specified user .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  normalizes   supports
truth:  normalizes   text

test:  connect to a specific database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  returns a rabbitmq version .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  update   extract
truth:  update   version

test:  parabolic cylinder functions .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  compute   annoy
truth:  compute   rank

test:  redirect unix streams if none .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   takes
truth:  redirect   stream

test:  verify given mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  verify   created
truth:  verify   mode

test:  test with an image at the top with an notification/nch with the viewport scrolled at the top with an notification/nch effect .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   multivariate
truth:  test   blocks

test:  parse and return a sha1 sha1 endpoint from the given text .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  annotate   failing
truth:  annotate   style

test:  add a value to an api exam as a background exam .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  add   colorized
truth:  add   context

test:  strip plaintext characters from a token .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  strip   supports
truth:  strip   text

test:  safely remove a file .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return superimposition matrix .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  slope least squares .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  get the jupyter notebook script .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  returns the budget_bundle_kit field of the given user .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  generate a code to imports and imports .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generates   extract
truth:  generates   version

test:  fix the modules .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  replace   plugin
truth:  replace   division

test:  mark an connceting as emitting an event .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  sets   located
truth:  sets   method

test:  add the directory dir to the list dirlist if 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   disconnects
truth:  add   dir

test:  inspect a container container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  utility function that instantiates a new itself for the data passed .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  mapping   mount
truth:  mapping   task

test:  create a mongo client .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in packages .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  return   distribution

test:  commit the git repository to the specified tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  assert that two strings are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  assert   childnodes
truth:  assert   timestamp

test:  page rendered by template .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  generates   touch
truth:  generates   controller

test:  construct an attribute array from the given attributes "attrs" "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a xml element .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  equivalent to symbolic path .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  normalize   define
truth:  normalize   path

test:  item add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for use in a list of prepopulated_fields and inlines .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  return the rate limit for this machine .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  pass   unbinds
truth:  pass   exceptions

test:  basic convergence function .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  returns true if the specified local directory has a local local file .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   checkout

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  support   colorized
truth:  support   context

test:  attempt to remount a mount module or remount server .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  performs rsa encryption on a given rsa key .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if url is a windows url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  close all enough range of enough and returns true if x is not a set of negative triangulation .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  verify   convert
truth:  verify   sequences

test:  verify calling queries on new-style classes whose new-style classes dont new-style also new-style or new-style .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  pulls   ayoung
truth:  pulls   base

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  build a long description from a file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  a indicating to make the associated with a configuration .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  register internal sensor types with the specified action types .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   autoreleased
truth:  register   types

test:  check the message and move it to the status of a consistent exception .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  closes   pulls
truth:  closes   null

test:  a function for handling special callback .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  registers   decorating
truth:  registers   log

test:  get whether or not the not all commands is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  returns   kills
truth:  returns   assert

test:  copies a query to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   populates
truth:  copies   params

test:  remove gating prerequisite from the specified content usage key .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   encoded
truth:  removes   milestone

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   describing
truth:  remove   listener

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   sleep
truth:  removes   files

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  returns if encoding is valid .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extracts error messages from an exception object .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  read mm_stamp tag data from file and return as numpy array .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  this walks a list of all the paths in a column that are mapped to the same column .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  render an entire response object from the cross page .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  render   renders
truth:  render   series

test:  file: the process and start the default group .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  return image with corresponding to each ground in the given odds .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  smooth   forwards
truth:  smooth   image

test:  use processes so they can delete queries .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  adds   expects
truth:  adds   queries

test:  test working copy when a target already exists and has target .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  test   coupling
truth:  test   target

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  validate username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  use netmiko to combine the first product of the euler .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   copies
truth:  get   clusters

test:  decorator for disabling signals from the decorator .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  warn   makes
truth:  warn   namespaces

test:  get the attributes from the string representation .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  rename the side .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  renames   enrolls
truth:  renames   destination

test:  formats a string so its formats it can be embedded .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   bench
truth:  formats   value

test:  gives the version of the version file .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  attempts   extract
truth:  attempts   version

test:  raise an error if the request exists .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  write a table as a table column on table where empty column were empty .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  retrieves all as a query string .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  check that }\n .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   intersect
truth:  check   picks

test:  process a python list by symbol it provides a string containing a data set and return a list of symbol .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  converts an exception object to its appropriate exception .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  convert   shed
truth:  convert   exception

test:  splits a dns byte ordinal b to a byte string .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  turn a new set of requests into the database .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  generate   assign
truth:  generate   requests

test:  this function is intended to work for testing .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  read   preload
truth:  read   content

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  force as many objects as possible to be collected .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  try   phred
truth:  try   caches

test:  helper function for comparison between two arrays .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  raises an exception if namespace is not a namespace .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  remove all files under root .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   printing
truth:  remove   locale

test:  saves globally to session .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  saves   iterate
truth:  saves   auth

test:  updates all profilers to db .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  get all snapshots of a given collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   contained
truth:  returns   snapshots

test:  set the local variables for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  return information about a node .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   batch
truth:  exchanges   code

test:  generate the html generated html .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  helper: generate a datetime from a date in a month .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  extract   temperature
truth:  extract   date

test:  wrap an error code to detail and return their error code .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  returns a generator of raw data based on a raw header .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  the compiler extension .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  pulls   hide
truth:  pulls   distutils

test:  given the request and a template string .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  gets   storing
truth:  gets   template

test:  returns the region code that matches a specific country calling code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  builder for testing .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list the security pools .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  declare the only interfaces implemented by instances of a given class .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   borrowed
truth:  declare   instances

test:  list active mounts on mac os systems .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  searches through all grains of the target patterns .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  searches   registers
truth:  searches   product

test:  return a random subset of length ids .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  take a string and return a unicode unicode object as it .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  returns a list with all private exploration summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  check for a custom methods of custom methods .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  check   expand
truth:  check   permissions

test:  parse server response header and extract applicable string .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  try to determine the layouts layout for a given multiplier .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  backward compatibility wrapper around djangos auth .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   optimized
truth:  get   script

test:  internal method for computing the rejectionline function .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  computes the sokalmichener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the filename that the subtree script has been set .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  look   colorized
truth:  look   context

test:  given a table of key names .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  builds   presents
truth:  builds   mapping

test:  tests what spaces directly by rootobject .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  ensure   gauss
truth:  ensure   strings

test:  compute the 1-norm of a matrix in multiset_partitions_taocp order .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  return the unicode string describing a path on a resource .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if a given directory exists .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a wsdl with wsdl data .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  cast str or unicode to unicode strings .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  detect   tracked
truth:  detect   s

test:  remove incoming text from a text .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  finds an existing host .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  find   hanging
truth:  find   variables

test:  instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   crack
truth:  instantiate   _

test:  retrieves and run the given scheduler .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   logout
truth:  callback   change

test:  returns the number of megacycles used for the api request .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   deprecate
truth:  get   cpu

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  provide old images to staging images .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  rename   sleep
truth:  rename   files

test:  require the default anonymous user .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  train a thread .
truth: train a model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  parse the analysis info from a dict .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   forms
truth:  parse   result

test:  returns changes for an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  replace the function statement with statement or the same comment attribute as the function in the config object .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  computes the normal power robust on multivariate normal distribution .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  prompts a single text and return a user .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompts   enumerator_list
truth:  prompts   confirmation

test:  perform a collapsed fixes on a masked image .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses a list of tag namespaces .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   drawing
truth:  parse   tags

test:  returns true if the url belongs to redirection .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  check if an upgrade is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  check   delay
truth:  check   conda

test:  import the directory import .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the contents of the markdown file .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   shortens
truth:  get   classes

test:  merge a c factor into a a own extension .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  converts   stores
truth:  converts   name

test:  creates a template from the context object to include: the context object to 7bit given template .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  computes the average relaxed on relaxed variables .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  sets the bokeh fingerprint of the file and installs it to the vm .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  check if user permissions are a media permissions on the type of the current user .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  loads all tests from a given pattern and returns a list of tests .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  provide   browse
truth:  provide   testsuite

test:  list entry list .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  show   decoding
truth:  show   lists

test:  prints all the pagination info in the prints .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   revoked
truth:  prints   details

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  compare two source times .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  parse action .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  back to the reply_channel property .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   extract
truth:  run   version

test:  set the given properties on an computenode and update it .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  removes all of the given node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  remove   banned
truth:  remove   children

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   included
truth:  pooling   cudnn

test:  return true if the named parameters spine : ndarray the frame to be changed .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   named
truth:  setup   z

test:  return a list of file extensions extensions that are fontconfig but not in the system .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  grab   switch
truth:  grab   list

test:  collect a set of ml ml headers for passing ml by the main function into the xmlelement dict .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  parse   stubbed
truth:  parse   headers

test:  send email to users session .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  send   command
truth:  send   session

test:  returns the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  registration registration form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  helper to create a call to send systems .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  wrap   mail
truth:  wrap   creation

test:  this waits for the call to setdefaulttimeout .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  returns a list of path components .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  return   tsv
truth:  return   components

test:  convert a regex from a list of base .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  pulls   opened
truth:  pulls   re

test:  order object await .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  add a new server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   clones
truth:  add   server

test:  a generator that iterates through a list of object and get them along with the input knots .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get a colormap some configuration options for a sequence of cmap patterns .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  stop a docker container container id cli example: .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  converts an instance to a dictionary .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  convert   pushing
truth:  convert   model

test:  retrieve symbol from the database .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  download   post_save
truth:  download   metadata

test:  remove users in conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   generate
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 index .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  pulls   parameterize
truth:  pulls   integers

test:  enable the given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  get the functions that starts with the given search .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  construct a connection to the specified policy policy .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  talk   pulls
truth:  talk   null

test:  expects the character asian? .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the sha contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  gets the canvas line from the output .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  internal function to count the string after a certain value .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  count   minpoly(add
truth:  count   words

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   cloning
truth:  load   github

test:  render the given report and data as cr .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  find the dns server method in the domain .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  given   union
truth:  given   domain

test:  get website information for a given element .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  call xxdot with the xxdot box .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   smooth
truth:  call   vector

test:  the main runner for the given al .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  fail unless given test dict exists on the expected and sets the supplied dict .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  convert a json object to whether options object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  default   pulls
truth:  default   null

test:  test c{false} .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  check   pickles
truth:  check   reverse

test:  a decorator that records the symbol function .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  if the given attribute is a valid matcher node .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  match   looping
truth:  match   node

test:  test if xml_obj is true .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return predefined error based on command execution .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  apply the palette representation to a palette .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  get   resume
truth:  get   pil

test:  create a random string of "b" characters .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  parse files in a text into structured information .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parses   tile
truth:  parses   information

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  helper decorator that lazily compatible with the right type and kwargs .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   dedent
truth:  add   printer

test:  restful crud controller for searching for deployments .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if http status code is successful .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  compute the 0 and class its metropolis - the mean value of y .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  returns the object for the given name and return its initial stream .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  take tasks and create a list of tasks as environment variables .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  delete to delete a single resource class .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  add certificate private certificate from site certificate .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in json .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  merge multiple dictionaries .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  given a host and a tuple of paths .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  generates a unique initial string from a list of longs .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  check that requirements .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a new shadow db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  create a container from the specified image and delete it on the control service .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   satisfy
truth:  create   container

test:  unquotes the response headers .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  sort   stubbed
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get_prosite_entry -> handle get the corresponding prosite id .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  pulls   wrapping
truth:  pulls   handle

test:  computes changed .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  run   navigates
truth:  run   cron

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   downgrades
truth:  command   point

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  require the file .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  perform any argument value coercion necessary for tls client parameters .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  cycle through the grains from the supplied system .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  set the rate limiting matrix for the given rate .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  enable   formatted
truth:  enable   rate

test:  main function to run the script .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  return current output clients .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  place a database under the given version .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   basestring
truth:  place   migration

test:  return code object for given function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  list all languages languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  set attribute value as those attributes on every value or .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  renders a template from a template for the given html and return a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a group group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  creates an ordinary group at the end of a group name .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  makes   localize
truth:  makes   reference

test:  return the deployment_config_file deployment .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  retrieves   killed
truth:  retrieves   network

test:  gets the template attribute of the current instance .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  test packagefinder introduced in url .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if it is the results for yn and main format .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  copy media to build .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  minify   receiving
truth:  minify   js

test:  set up the netatmo devices .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  make a testcase into an ifilesystemsnapshots even if a testcase already added .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  create   reflect
truth:  create   testcase

test:  generate a short .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  rc4   customized
truth:  rc4   salt

test:  write the exported version of a file .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  analyze   labeled
truth:  analyze   file

test:  adds the given module and workflow to the given module .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  used   supplied
truth:  used   api

test:  creates the jupyter info .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  verify that a gem ruby is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  test installing from reqs file .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  finds all but decodes the horizontal kind in a list .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  stack   pulls
truth:  stack   null

test:  return the process in a process .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test that we can remove nan and return a list of nan tuples .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   embedded
truth:  test   example

test:  update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   resolving
truth:  update   defaults

test:  convert a polygons structure to a matrix .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  builds   divides
truth:  builds   matrices

test:  retrieves all consistencygroups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  cycle through each choice should be ignored .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  emulate   pings
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  no-op and verifies the backend without throwing and case-insensitive tests .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  tests to ensure that chaining together multiple types works as expected .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not exist .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   enhanced
truth:  update   object

test:  list all matplotlib matplotlib backend names .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  writeable file object that atomically updates a temporary directory .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  open   enhanced
truth:  open   object

test:  read an image from file as a list of images .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  compute a pytree that can be used to dump a tree .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  a factory for :func:joinedload() .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  given a list of options and a command line option .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  used   float
truth:  used   decorator

test:  command : print .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   display
truth:  command   print

test:  load branch to remote credentials from remote server .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  deploy   cloning
truth:  deploy   github

test:  returns the item item from doc .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  fetch   bounds
truth:  fetch   table

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  wrapper function .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a csv file from a list of css records .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  read   store
truth:  read   memory

test:  setup site .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   bounds
truth:  setup   table

test:  utility function to check whether an zmq keypair is inside a zmq keypair .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  generate   unlock
truth:  generate   keypair

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  test   equalize
truth:  test   email

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  alternate shell file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outline   del
truth:  outline   gcode

test:  simplified the user summary .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  validate klein-style from expects .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  pulls   visit
truth:  pulls   padding

test:  returns the given strings in a single comparison .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  string   databook
truth:  string   comparison

test:  compute the sum of squared matrix in an array the sum of columns .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   restrict
truth:  compute   array

test:  predicate that returns whether a user is inside a inside inside a file-like object .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  validates markdown qtreewidgetitem over markdown .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escapes   supports
truth:  escapes   text

test:  solves separable 1st order differential equation with reduced coefficients using the method of func .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  returns a list of static error in the tree .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  try to determine if the file is a sdk path to the directory of a file .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   allowed
truth:  connect   aws

test:  will delete the given item from the system for the specified usage .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  deletes   bdecodes
truth:  deletes   xblock

test:  extract module_content .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  this function helps you get u output .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  debugging   reported
truth:  debugging   function

test:  does the opposite of the input source .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  split the corresponding image and right numpy arrays .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   rrmgr
truth:  split   threshold

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  same as items .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  verify that the default pep path exists based on the current request .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  perform a single date on the given date and return the corresponding url .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  check   temperature
truth:  check   date

test:  expression_opt : empty .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   pulls
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  return events information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return a specific tenants cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  search for updates and sgd functions .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  pulls   increment
truth:  pulls   gradient

test:  signal resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  parse the current footer specific footer to an inventory .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  returns a list of product product instances .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  delete table where and internal values are deleted .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  deletes   bounds
truth:  deletes   table

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  place an order by specified value amount rather than specific number of shares/lots .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  get a list of the absolute paths of the top-level external data directories for both tcl and tk .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  test column tables .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  compute md5 hash of the hex hex file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  configure email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   equalize
truth:  email   email

test:  runs an example module .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   tear
truth:  run   module

test:  returns: the byte and returns the nearest common divisor .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  inverse of currency to use for apiview .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  download the current mission from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  downloads   startup
truth:  downloads   mission

test:  call appropriate function and kwargs with a given args and kwargs .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  calls   filters
truth:  calls   fn

test:  single a boolean .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  set   providing
truth:  set   tensor

test:  set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  read in previously saved objects from a file .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  read   mounts
truth:  read   objects

test:  return an iterable of all plugin classes defined by the kind .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   identifies
truth:  set   plugin

test:  set the system module to its present on the system and the os .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  load   calculate
truth:  load   windows

test:  copy one or more snapshots snapshots of the volume to a single volume .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   aligns
truth:  copy   volume

test:  close one or more icondata for this object .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  sets   resizes
truth:  sets   icon

test:  translate block to have a block .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  constructs   cleaning
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  create a user list .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  create and return the sql statements .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  computes the 1-norm of multivariate normal distribution parameters x : ndarray the distance of the normal frequencies .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  validate a portname file path .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  converts the code to a single vector .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  recursive   autoreleased
truth:  recursive   types

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  pulls   input
truth:  pulls   generators

test:  checks if the name can still be parsed back to its original folders for both single name .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   bartels
truth:  filters   contents

test:  find chinese elements from quietly control and post-conditions a tuple with the locations shutils .
truth: if present . 
test:  present   pulls
truth:  present   null

test:  returns a domain name based on the prefix .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding table .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   usage
truth:  move   rows

test:  make a connection .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute polynomial composition f(g) in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  expand   overlay
truth:  expand   func

test:  list groups .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   decide
truth:  list   groups

test:  extract a model from a likelihood response with the given data .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  express   restoring
truth:  express   data

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   persists
truth:  return   subsequence

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get roles of a user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  adjust name of the class on a class .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  traverse   safe_octal
truth:  traverse   class

test:  returns the slug for the document .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  given   logarithmic
truth:  given   slug

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   display
truth:  like   print

test:  register a trophytype subclass .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   shows
truth:  register   subclass

test:  check if user has permission to run a permission on this document .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   gunicorn
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  set and retrieve the attribute of the response .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  set the key/value info cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   modbus
truth:  creates   cookie

test:  view returning all of the json data for which the course has been generated .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  returns   aliased
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the current runtime runtime on the system .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  contains   exposes
truth:  contains   values

test:  instantiate class from a given dispatch class .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  computes the sokal-sneath of one tensor labels .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  transform   centers
truth:  transform   labels

test:  mangle a multi-file module .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  mangle   stores
truth:  mangle   name

test:  creates a document .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  create a series of polynomials of the polynomial p and domain of the polynomial modulo p .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  function   renders
truth:  function   series

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  computes the maximum likelihood along the given axis .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  encode a sequence of validation methods .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a successive .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  show idle-format warning after replacing warnings .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   eventlet
truth:  show   warning

test:  decodes a value from the database .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  initialize the global completion model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   pushing
truth:  initialize   model

test:  extracts value of an item from the given string of filename: codes .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  update the state of the task .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   mount
truth:  update   task

test:  locate text with a maximum line .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   closes
truth:  return   +

test:  get the evaluate_elements directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two modules with the same name .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  start and run a process with the given arguments .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  build a galaxy dictionary for the given audio .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  builds   restoring
truth:  builds   data

test:  add terms in k[x] .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  execute the multiprocessing data on a specific minion cli example: .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  set the lamp .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  find the *val* *val* of the given expression .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   incoming
truth:  find   op

test:  return a list of the most active changes .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  display   loads
truth:  display   changes

test:  round a number to the integer .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  decorator for a command line .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  project add to preselected project .
truth: new project form . 
test:  project   r^2
truth:  project   form

test:  verify that two arrays are not equal .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  deletes a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  return boolean series/array whether given pattern/regex is contained in each string in the series/index .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   printed
truth:  replace   pattern

test:  download a url to a given url .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  install the virtual environment for the given revision .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  install   unquoting
truth:  install   environment

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   exposes
truth:  accepts   values

test:  get the profiles directory to use for temporary file i/o .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  removes all users on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   spawn
truth:  configures   devices

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   pyopenssls
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  partial release complete section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   alignment
truth:  release   section

test:  yields a blob that just runs the test execution .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  adds a task to a queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  shortcut   mount
truth:  shortcut   task

test:  geo for intersections in a and b .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  pulls   algorithm
truth:  pulls   points

test:  convert a filename to a valid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  test subunit output teardown .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  remove an element from the point .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   uncheck
truth:  remove   element

test:  construct a pandas numpy array .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  converts   embeds
truth:  converts   pandas

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  return an :class: .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  given a dictionary of matching name .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  tests   stores
truth:  tests   name

test:  get the api key from the script .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  validate   listen
truth:  validate   key

test:  return the resolver for the gcp class .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  a single bundle for a single bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  test datetime validation .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  set the current requests .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  add   assume
truth:  add   header

test:  signs string or unicode string depending on parameter .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  sign   offset
truth:  sign   parameters

test:  initialize the lxc choose .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  extend   currents
truth:  extend   state

test:  translate a callback to its canonical representation .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  translate   bench
truth:  translate   value

test:  set a hook for the indicies variables .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   takes
truth:  scan   stream

test:  an calledback .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  run correlation tests for an aws strong tests .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  it computes the mean of cross-entropy of two univariate polynomials .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  returns true if the course cohorted cohorted cohorted cohorted cohorted cohorted .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return unique list of all unique ids .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  create   attributes
truth:  create   arrays

test:  default java-style returns default values to just returns a list of handlers on multiple handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  check whether return true sockets are supported on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   win
truth:  check   sockets

test:  rq config .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  change   freezing
truth:  change   configuration

test:  collect and collect an haproxy on haproxy .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  get   fake
truth:  get   load

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   deserialize
truth:  respond   csv

test:  replace a flag by "2"; .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  registers   enhanced
truth:  registers   object

test:  this function returns the basic values in a list .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  return existing version of openshift .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  get   causes
truth:  get   openshift

test:  return identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  return   throttle
truth:  return   unit

test:  generate beautifulsoup info from given config .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  quotes the given string for use in a url .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  get an item from the queue .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  attempts   urlencode
truth:  attempts   item

test:  returns a hashed hash of the hash object .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  return   terminate
truth:  return   password

test:  creates a query to filter identities based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  convert a timedelta object to its corresponding timestamp .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  register a new app .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  decide whether the logfile to be on a binary string .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  function   engulfing
truth:  function   coding

test:  calculate the t] mean of a matrix .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  loads an iterator from a python object by removing the supplied set .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  map   pending
truth:  map   default

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses configured on provided interface ifname .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  given a directory name .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  gemm computing a single node .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  delete the given token .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  removes   enhanced
truth:  removes   object

test:  merge short: keys in a dictionary .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  combines   review
truth:  combines   keys

test:  creates an exception class for the given module and module .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  run a command line from python 3 .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  check   match
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write a skeinisoed gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  helper to scale bem bem subject to dst .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  scale   labeled
truth:  scale   file

test:  check to see if a member exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  check   archive
truth:  check   member

test:  check if the user exists .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  reverse   overlay
truth:  reverse   func

test:  returns a dictionary of information about the requested *domains .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  checks   estimating
truth:  checks   domains

test:  utility function to reconstruct the type and data into numpy types .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  reconstruct   enhanced
truth:  reconstruct   object

test:  adjust the decorating class to restore a class with the required attribute of the classes are referenced .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  makes   safe_octal
truth:  makes   class

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   gauss
truth:  compares   strings

test:  sets the graph g for nodes and networkx graph g .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  attach each object of the queryset to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   aliased
truth:  attach   json

test:  compute betweenness path between nodes and all other nodes or nodes .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  same as a rshift b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the context object that can be displayed to media .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  adds   bring
truth:  adds   page

test:  save information from instance_type into instances system_metadata .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   dictview
truth:  save   instance_type

test:  returns the euler totient function .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   attached
truth:  returns   statistic

test:  initialize history .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  enable   remove
truth:  enable   history

test:  returns a string without ascii nuls .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  only run on netbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt on the minion .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  pad the given string to a multiple of items .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  pads   shared
truth:  pads   string

test:  make sure the last mako to the response is properly thrown .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  stop the requested contenttype .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stops   colorized
truth:  stops   context

test:  returns number of leap in the database with respect to the current time .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  syntax checking: missing scenarios should not set .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  pulls   splits
truth:  pulls   checking

test:  get a list of an authentication token from the user .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  get   iterate
truth:  get   auth

test:  return a dict of all available locations on the cloud provider .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  returns a list of language names based on the preferred settings .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  set the matrices by applying the matrix .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  pregnancy pregnancy pregnancy pregnancy length and pregnancy granted for histograms .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  return a nested function with inner input data and inner theano .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  this simply produce a django stdin and metadata inference .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  like print_exc() but return a list .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  format   applied
truth:  format   trace

test:  clones a new test runner .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  upload   sleep
truth:  upload   files

test:  require an anonymous site .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  handles   access
truth:  handles   url

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  create a class that will create partial functions that will create the current init command .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  get a pending computer reboot .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  print a rendered message to the given structure .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  pulls   imageidfield
truth:  pulls   debugging

test:  tokenize text thats :第三产业增加值同比增长(%) into list of 1d entities .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure that a file has a partition over dependents .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  pulls   accepting
truth:  pulls   e

test:  test cloning an editable package with vcs .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   r^2
truth:  create   form

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  internal function to build a list of spans .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  extract   shared
truth:  extract   string

test:  parses an http date format and returns a utc datetime object .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  given   temperature
truth:  given   date

test:  validate config .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   looping
truth:  accepts   node

test:  clean up any stubs to test runs .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  degree of degree on degree .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  returns   indicate
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  delete an elb profile .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  deletes   plan
truth:  deletes   profile

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  read metamorph stk bytes from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   building
truth:  read   tag

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  configure flocker agent for the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   decompresses
truth:  configure   flocker

test:  replace the pairs of the input data with the same dimension as a sorted .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  sort   restrict
truth:  sort   array

test:  convert a dictionary to a set of dictionaries .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  list all iam subnet groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  *pointer* path .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  prepend   pulls
truth:  prepend   null

test:  redirect to a user .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restore references to a ccx to collections of incoming values returns a dict on all collection values converted to a ccx-aware state .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   weblate
truth:  restore   references

test:  ishow the gui and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  checks if the given variable is shared with a user-provided variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  check   transliterate
truth:  check   variable

test:  suggest column names on table columns when selecting a qualified-table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  returns true if sgemv needs to be escaped .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  scaled mag - either i or the environ environ .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  restore the top logging logging level .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  function to decide the name of a single global namespace .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  remove   stores
truth:  remove   name

test:  try to menu a prompt from the user .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  generate   preselected
truth:  generate   choice

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   reorders
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  change the users stub to use .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  like contacts .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  select   clones
truth:  select   server

test:  generate the text for a post request .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  responds   simulating
truth:  responds   input

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  load the cpunish data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  utility function to test if mini-batch is not a string .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts an unload hook into an application processor .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  converts   belong
truth:  converts   hook

test:  work on a given file or bokeh source files .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  set break-point command line main function .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  execute a mime-type directly to the database .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  test when an exception is created .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  turns an alignment file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  convert reducing .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  pulls   sympy
truth:  pulls   slice

test:  ensure the pricing module is active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  training controller .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   touch
truth:  training   controller

test:  decodes a message using the url- and message-id .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  chops   pulls
truth:  chops   null

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data it .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  test for get word from java file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test tight_layout .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  tests   thinks
truth:  tests   issue

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  enable the named container cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  remove a previously registered api .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  get all ansible containers from a deployment .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  turn   currents
truth:  turn   state

test:  handle click on labels .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  select   go
truth:  select   channels

test:  when not user out .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  return the string representation of a number .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  cast the string-like representation of a string to a python object .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  string   padded
truth:  string   evaluation

test:  used to clear data from the minion cache .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   sleep
truth:  clear   files

test:  evaluate the image name .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  helper function .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  apply   overlay
truth:  apply   func

test:  return disk block in bytes for given file .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns the name of a function .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  attempts   guessing
truth:  attempts   namespace

test:  return true if a and b are both the same kind .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator that takes a function as a string and returns a decorator that takes the decorated function .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  wrap   filters
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for filterform .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write a component to a file .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   msg
truth:  write   component

test:  utility to parse mathjax article to a user summary .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test freezing an editable package .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  determine if plural of events are in a n_samples of time .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  shift   rescales
truth:  shift   event

test:  removed the given post .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to log datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  generate a symbol for a sequence of length n .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  even when the server is running .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  temporarily disable the vim module .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  used   compresses
truth:  used   statement

test:  change the group and password .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   theorem
truth:  change   privileges

test:  compute spherical bessel function jn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  convert a string .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered on the current optimized .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  removes   revoke
truth:  removes   collections

test:  decode a string into titlecase .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   ayoung
truth:  decode   base

test:  check that projects .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns the url for the current course position .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  return   pivoted
truth:  return   place

test:  get a list of all karma objects a user belong to .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   aristas
truth:  return   titles

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  retrieves the policy for a given role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  this is a proxy for some sort of the workflow .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  check   bandstop
truth:  check   release

test:  returns a list of os x encoded tk .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  attempts to get the ca certs from a google storage single file .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a new geographic types that can be unicode friendly .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  preprocessing   teardown
truth:  preprocessing   type

test:  create a symlink at path from a source directory .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  a generator that accepts appear in a set of numbers .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  test the autoroutes from the {block .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  unregister a review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   entries
truth:  unregister   review

test:  inspect the current system .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the given attachment specs .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  loads all lexers from a lexer or subclass .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  load   unlocks
truth:  load   lexer

test:  parse options and return a copy of the options .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  start the attributes of a configuration files and return mapping .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  translate   replace
truth:  translate   create

test:  delete a bucket from s3 .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  function   mixing
truth:  function   cleanup

test:  confirm to a given question .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  parse integer .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  check sound value as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   files
truth:  convert   check

test:  accepts a timezone string and a timezone name .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   support
truth:  accepts   time

test:  set an alert to the lamp .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  convert func to a new time .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  returns a parsed weak from a d .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  calculate   listen
truth:  calculate   key

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  return a particular dbref for a given number of dbref .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  see :meth: .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  evaluates   binhexed
truth:  evaluates   tests

test:  test function with 0 .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  test   lift
truth:  test   behaviour

test:  extraordinary module that should be supported by ip .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  checks   retrive
truth:  checks   checks

test:  randomly choose the input vector with one noise noise noise .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  corrupts   smooth
truth:  corrupts   vector

test:  generate between other chains .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get the info structure for an account .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   differentiate
truth:  get   accounts

test:  wrap a function or method such that it performs a check in a second argument .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the latest available image name for the given distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  trigger background background task .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   challengenes
truth:  trigger   hooks

test:  add a contributor document to the document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   failed
truth:  add   contributor

test:  require the given module .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  save   deflate
truth:  save   config

test:  returns the size in bytes .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  runs one or more inlining instances .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  run   rect
truth:  run   work

test:  latency the internal event on a push socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  echo   prioritized
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrapper for page titles .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  return an unordered list of changeset_revisions and metadata for the received repository defined as installable from the database .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  convert unicode to s3 utf-8 string .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  example: when i run "behave .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  converts a string consisting of a infer object into a message object .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  test column column on qtable .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  replace   mutate
truth:  replace   column

test:  get start date and end days for quoting days .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  returns   reencrypt
truth:  returns   start

test:  typed response for the given openid response .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  steps that match groups takes named groups as named arguments .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  converts expr to a string representation of unicode .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   express
truth:  renames   -

test:  return the version string containing flocker for the partition version in flocker .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  parse   extract
truth:  parse   version

test:  check the function to see if the program is actually a valid simple wrapper .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   ignores
truth:  read   meg

test:  test the inverse of the 0 .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  given a string representing a host:port and possibly a port .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  parse   receives
truth:  parse   port

test:  creates an access token to use in the given service .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  access   emit
truth:  access   access

test:  write the name of the index for a group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  return a list of the baremetal servers that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  select all the paths from the given directory .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  restful crud controller for single resource .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if f(x) .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  run a command as a remote host .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   allocate
truth:  run   user

test:  keystone a keystone client .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  returns the html of the given projection .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  projects   reported
truth:  projects   function

test:  simple way to check if ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  get the absolute area of a vector3 polygon .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   clamp
truth:  get   area

test:  check if the database has a "featured" marker .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  sets the unittest option flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   translates
truth:  sets   flags

test:  decorator to check the wrapped functions against cart .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  sort key = subtitle languages on a list of available languages codes .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  function cutting the results associated with a tree .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  given   increase
truth:  given   nodes

test:  load the shape of a given shapes .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  give   overwrites
truth:  give   shape

test:  return matching the arguments of a function .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue in the queue for them .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   pulls
truth:  pop   null

test:  creates a bson .
truth: input data . 
test:  input   restoring
truth:  input   data

test:  validate that a function takes keyword arguments and keyword arguments and no parameters are valid .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  test installing from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given the gpg interface for a specific gpg kwargs .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   absorb
truth:  return   gpg

test:  like the implementation .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  = = { changed .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  format   sleep
truth:  format   files

test:  a simple login protected view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  return base64 encoded object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  serializes   enhanced
truth:  serializes   object

test:  make potential system energy of a single multibody system .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  pulls   humanized
truth:  pulls   energy

test:  convert all keys in a dictionary to a dict .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  return a formatting from a filename that will be used by an application to access a validator function .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  returns   restart
truth:  returns   account

test:  grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   constructs
truth:  grab   lock

test:  concatenate two xml pairs according to the rules dictionary .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the third axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   extract
truth:  prints   version

test:  decorator to mark test critical .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  used   mixing
truth:  used   cleanup

test:  registers an entry from a dictionary of named named results .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a tensor .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  get   overriding
truth:  get   dimension

test:  class decorator to check the existing model class to pmap .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  serialize   pushing
truth:  serialize   model

test:  get should be unique as a submit configuration object .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  remove self manager that do not have a temporary manager .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  pulls   shutdown
truth:  pulls   tables

test:  return true if a vm exists based on boot cli example: .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  query   hostname
truth:  query   vm

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  create a new authentication key for a specific algorithms .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  unary_expression : sizeof lparen type_name rparen .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function that returns a list of the known errors .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   ssl
truth:  returns   errors

test:  creates a temporary file to be read by removing the temporary file .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  get whether or not an available ports needs to be installed on a system cli example: .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  determines   grouping
truth:  determines   system

test:  set the default data for clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  set   filter_template
truth:  set   clipboard

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  check a list from a slug that doesnt start with a slug .
truth: check slug . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  creates a generator of ints in the case of the reverse order .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a symbols object based on its acl .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  application-specific with an volume outside the window .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  merges a single hash option into a single string .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  given   bench
truth:  given   value

test:  construct a tuple of servers that have been met .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  calculate the last modified date of a traffic .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  guess   pulls
truth:  guess   null

test:  delivers the object to a given number .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  tear down cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  increase the increasing trace from a fractional candle .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  makes   applied
truth:  makes   trace

test:  return full version cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  set an x window system where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  return events to edit the user identified by request .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  compute the nth variance of a random expression about a random expression .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  extracts the global variable from the given key .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  convert the filter in reverse format to convolution .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  mean   forget
truth:  mean   inverse

test:  return info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  show   mix
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses the version string like "2004-08-30 into a tuple .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parses   address
truth:  parses   sqlalchemy

test:  check all entrance exam problems to their generic properties .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  grabs   unmap
truth:  grabs   descriptors

test:  test for commutativity of subclasses .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  return field methods from a list of setter .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the complex path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the indptr field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  strips expression if s is a string .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  checking   tracked
truth:  checking   s

test:  compute harris corner response image for a given adjacency method .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   install
truth:  compute   response

test:  returns a list of attribute whose content is sorted by the parent class .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  get   crack
truth:  get   _

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   restrict
truth:  prewitt   array

test:  creates the query for the response .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  add a broadcast .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   moving
truth:  add   broadcast

test:  return a list of file names to all python files found in the directory for the given package .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  url   paging
truth:  url   interface

test:  delete a form .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  returns true if the given ip is running in the same port as the port number .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  given   receives
truth:  given   port

test:  add an ip address to the named host cli example: .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   preloading
truth:  add   host

test:  test relative requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  items view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  sends an dry email to the users account .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  copied   alteratives
truth:  copied   website

test:  how this function is used to properly changing a new command .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  replace   emitting
truth:  replace   character

test:  load and return a query result .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  only return a list of ordinals .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  win   pulls
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the given filenames .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   gzip
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder of cylinder inputs .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  show commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  print   compressing
truth:  print   menu

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   cast
truth:  commits   transaction

test:  use name to use a pool to check that library .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  specify   excluded
truth:  specify   party

test:  return 1 for stats .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  set   skipping
truth:  set   score

test:  a single topic to test the locked topic in a locked forum .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  locked   stops
truth:  locked   topic

test:  return a list of extensions extensions for the given package .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  get   hydrate
truth:  get   core

test:  return a single string finds a keys in a document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  disassociate volume specs from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  get the name of a function .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  this is used to determine if file system can be used .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  remove invalid whitespace from the beginning and end of a url .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  yaml: maven execute a build for the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sonatype plugin <claim+plugin> .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  custom handler for term() perform matching lookups .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  modified   access
truth:  modified   url

test:  restores plugin configuration configs from the current cli example: .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  split a python expression into a given antlr .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  return str in a utf8 way .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  test transformations on text .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  check   flattens
truth:  check   output

test:  test to confirm that fn a and y is equivalent to the python 3 .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  returns true if s is a string .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  initializer : lbrace comma rbrace | lbrace initializer_list comma rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  compute student profile information for a course containing all students problem in a course for download and push to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   escapes
truth:  compute   student

test:  modify the smallest .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 2-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  determine if the provided signature is invalid .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the boxcox density of the data .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  compute   collate
truth:  compute   box

test:  adds additional permutations to the permutations .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  fit   impute
truth:  fit   topology

test:  test when context manager is properly .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  it will not cause a wildcard file to test if the output file is not created .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  passing   uppercase
truth:  passing   harvest

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  validates a host mapping .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  validate   presents
truth:  validate   mapping

test:  analyzes the users preferred language list from http response .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  pulls   equate
truth:  pulls   browser

test:  compare two numbers elements .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   eliminates
truth:  compare   elements

test:  create a base url instance for a given target url .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  just check if the parent loop has any spyne .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a task that is saved to catch the siteresources that was deleted and set the client .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  clobber   constrain
truth:  clobber   attribute

test:  classify an entry from the internal knn knn .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  classify   safe_octal
truth:  classify   class

test:  solves the radial square root of n .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  restore all table names from a table .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  modifies   step
truth:  modifies   names

test:  return a list of paths for all font directories on the system as a list of supported file extensions in the specified directory .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  checks whether a new bookmark is a new bookmark .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  create   reallocation
truth:  create   collection

test:  helper to create a variable stored on summaries .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  attach   height
truth:  attach   lot

test:  casts a list of tnetstring into a composed of the elements of an entity .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  copy   localize
truth:  copy   reference

test:  creates the extension for the specified sources .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  try to find a version of the specified oc output .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  mock   authorizes
truth:  mock   command

test:  returns true if the object is a generator .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test text when a widget is cleared .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  set default configuration options for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  update   forbid
truth:  update   options

test:  instantiates an encoded string .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  choose   uncheck
truth:  choose   element

test:  ensure the function to use missing 2 .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  files   sleep
truth:  files   files

test:  route route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  format   astring
truth:  format   route

test:  get revision revision from git .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr to expr rparen .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   search
truth:  command   d

test:  return a list of the names of all matches .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return usb_devices information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  decorator for tests .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a model line from a model line generated from a layer tile .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  construct   reported
truth:  construct   function

test:  compute univariate polynomial of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  fill a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  fill   labeled
truth:  fill   file

test:  get current hardware clock setting .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the supplied output with the first n .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   flattens
truth:  asserts   output

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  filter the graph that are original and comparison of they edges .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  a tower template ids .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  create a snapshot of body .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   expect
truth:  create   body

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   base64
truth:  construct   ring

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  sets the useragent for the python app .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  set   reading
truth:  set   agent

test:  check to make sure the default test is true .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  via ajax .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  hook   teardown
truth:  hook   type

test:  split the value in a multinomial form chunk of value with the same data in the urlencode corner to the same length of value in the available expressions or alloc
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  split   array
truth:  split   computation

test:  raise an email address to a bool .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  this will override a timeout for an action to override the timeout .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  override   statsd
truth:  override   timeout

test:  bump cache for product in case shop is not given all the product of the product is bumped for the product .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  bump   eliminating
truth:  bump   cache

test:  cache of optional backend not served for caching .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  caching   pulls
truth:  caching   null

test:  returns a list of mm:ss .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  detects value of a schema in tool .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns the bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  try to find out from a file .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  remove all the files below a tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud acl list .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  represent   shutdown
truth:  represent   tables

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   whiteboard
truth:  encode   payload

test:  return a list of resources owned by the source .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   bans
truth:  return   resources

test:  test fit sample method with .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  returns the description of a make_pairs structure .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  compute the spline checksum for the input polynomial interpolation .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  scale   bench
truth:  scale   value

test:  yaml: rvm sets the jenkins environment variables for rvm to the build pages and job them afterwards .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   accept
truth:  pulls   env

test:  return the surface of mean-squre-error that are between to a negative rd .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  pulls   carves
truth:  pulls   constraint

test:  wraps the application in the pony .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  adds   grant
truth:  adds   power

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  remove ntpd and set clock immediately .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  train and update given mailchimp data to a dict .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if a given image is a valid image file .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  allows you to gain group by backend by backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  create a locale for the given locale and locale locale .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  connection string .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the task identified by id .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns the user invoice for the given course .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  gets   serializes
truth:  gets   preferences

test:  save the multivaluedicts .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  convert   freezing
truth:  convert   configuration

test:  wrap 128 in a row .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  multiplies   highlight
truth:  multiplies   row

test:  the exception classes for all the python types and step .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  base   unbinds
truth:  base   exceptions

test:  converts a given scalar to a timedelta object .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  convert   adds
truth:  convert   r

test:  test unicode characters with banned characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  attempt to detect if remote toc are available on the given toc than the given toc .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  detect   enhanced
truth:  detect   object

test:  require several opkg packages to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  process the list of files present into account files .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  files   point
truth:  files   status

test:  get the geometry directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  disconnects test client .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  return the uri reference from an uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  generate a connected component of g in g .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  returns all templates and templates of name .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   pulls
truth:  command   null

test:  sample from a probability distribution .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  retrieve all quotas associated with a given quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   optimize
truth:  retrieve   quotas

test:  convert a json dict to a list of key/value pairs .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  function   puts
truth:  function   canvas

test:  function that measures the loss for the given number of data .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_photo service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  check the longitude of the earths element .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  pulls   basestring
truth:  pulls   migration

test:  get a external_declaration logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add new site queue .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  add   equalize
truth:  add   email

test:  get incorrect interval from 10 .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  pulls   demos
truth:  pulls   scan

test:  remove all csr values from a release list .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  centers centers consecutive on an array of rokhlins distribution parameters x : array_like .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  decorator used to parse b^k functions as the retrying variable .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return the turan network digraph with n nodes .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   config
truth:  return   patterns

test:  read contents of file with encoding and encoding .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  ensures that image exists on the pinning dependencies of the location is correct .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   expose
truth:  migrate   credentials

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  add   base64
truth:  add   ring

test:  add a pool to a pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  stop all workers and load balancer .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  check   resulting
truth:  check   workers

test:  returns true if a link is any of the given marketing .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  to tokenize description from rest rest .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  tokenize   shared
truth:  tokenize   string

test:  prints pprint for the output .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  get an sqlalchemy subclass of the self-serve release .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test major dots with a major labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   stop
truth:  test   dots

test:  defines primary events on twos requires the user to connect to .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  pulls   toggle
truth:  pulls   infinite

test:  ensure the named vm is running on the local vm .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  starts   jitter
truth:  starts   guest

test:  clone a vdi record .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  send an error message to raise a warning and raise a user error .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  convert an html fragment to a text using whitespace .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  transform   autoencoder
truth:  transform   xml

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  test disarmed slugify with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  pulls   server_root
truth:  pulls   opts

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  to log the exact message .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  obtain   occurring
truth:  obtain   authorization

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   rising
truth:  return   group

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   stores
truth:  update   name

test:  runs the command line runner for launching django applications .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  set one of the projectors stays from the list passed in a list of integers .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  triggers the given rating .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  signal resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   computing
truth:  test   initialisation

test:  tests a regression where |current_buffer| angle from a zero angle .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  test that get_user() function works even if the cookiecutter is not modified .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  guess the path for a attached to the operating system .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  marks the internal view function as being run .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  make   built
truth:  make   maintenance

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   collects
truth:  returns   count

test:  remove a group delete confirmation page .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   enumerator_list
truth:  returns   confirmation

test:  decorator for methods of methods that are bench compatible with a bench only .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  get the raw courseware with courseware from the tabs dict .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  convert a string to lux .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get the system resolvers executable for the given system .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  provides   trivial
truth:  provides   connection

test:  verifies that a directory does not exist .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   crop
truth:  verifies   directory

test:  check if a specified service is available on boot cli example: .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the line number of an error output from tb .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  check if environment variables running on client-side .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  project the lookuptable convolution to store it in a finite-difference .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  convert   divides
truth:  convert   matrices

test:  parses multiple hosts string containing a comma-separated list of hosts and port .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  run the command and return its output .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   publish
truth:  save   graph

test:  return the amount of uptime from ]hours .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  trims link to a fundamental tag .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  save image to a binary image .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   bench
truth:  save   value

test:  test purging user using user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  get a list of season numbers for an indexer id .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   archive
truth:  format   member

test:  generate a worker(s) key for a course .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generates   enhanced
truth:  generates   object

test:  read named ranges from the shared xml .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   overwriting
truth:  read   ranges

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the latest tag of the latest release tags .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  remove a logrotate script for the logs that it will be displayed .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  removes   optimized
truth:  removes   script

test:  lookup a command based on the reverse order .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  get vector3 from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  search the given list of elements .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  pad   eliminates
truth:  pad   elements

test:  return an unpickled set of attributes to a given attribute dictionary .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  resolve   instantiate
truth:  resolve   arguments

test:  only only on moduleonlyworksonmac systems with pkg .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  require an addons reviewer user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   local_rvs
truth:  require   addons

test:  convert from scale-independent / add fontsize format to english .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  run web widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   reserializes
truth:  run   widget

test:  set the extra function used to test the musicbrainz for the wsgi application .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  aggregated sources: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a list of groups the named user belongs to .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   listen
truth:  constructs   key

test:  run the selected tests .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  shared   pulls
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the contents of the string from the file .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  check the current node .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  search   reported
truth:  search   function

test:  remove an action from the given session .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  prompt   pick
truth:  prompt   callback

test:  verify the sha digest hash .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  a decorator to add a single method to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_method property .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the operating environment .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  finds   step
truth:  finds   names

test:  modules home page .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add plugins to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  returns a flag from an object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a generator .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  generate   packed
truth:  generate   chunks

test:  return the application store in the grains .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  compute the average average covariance of a directed image .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  computes polygon in polygon under given proportional along the underlying polygon .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  given   logs
truth:  given   vertices

test:  determine host and closing or wanting to all address .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  determine   negate
truth:  determine   resource

test:  verify the given comp matches an filediffs report .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  extract   enhance
truth:  extract   items

test:  set the epsilon of the dictionaries of given state .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  given   stacks
truth:  given   states

test:  unserialize raw post data into urlencoded data .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  accept   express
truth:  accept   -

test:  get an api query string for the given api resource .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given an payment instance .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  get   svn
truth:  get   dicts

test:  transform a numpy array into a numpy array .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transform   attributes
truth:  transform   arrays

test:  generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  enable the entity cache .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   eliminating
truth:  enable   cache

test:  infer a pep 302 dict if the values are defined .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  infer   pulls
truth:  infer   null

test:  set the pcs property value for the pcs property cibfile use cibfile additional options to live live hosts for the pcs use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example:
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  task that creates an email address typically with the given user_id .
truth: keep user . 
test:  keep   allocate
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a method that can be allowed for this release: .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the error rounded .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  check to see if policy exists on an elb account .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  get an image-volume gateway by name or host .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  check if pillar is present .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  return   settings

test:  original original files .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  find the current library to use .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  tries   wheather
truth:  tries   library

test:  if there is an upgrade specific version .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  find the file system path from path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  calculate and save the support support .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  the pack code is a valid url .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  return   iuploader
truth:  return   lookup

test:  set up the requested world air locations .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  ensures all commands .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  check for a python text file to contain a host and return true if text is a string .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps api calls with role based access controls .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  wraps   dispatched
truth:  wraps   calls

test:  converts the full path to an octal file .
truth: using os . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  generate   teardown
truth:  generate   type

test:  validate a bunch of an exception id .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  ensure   requesting
truth:  ensure   i

test:  construct a bound message class from a class .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  sets the box .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  returns pgraster file name .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter the sequences from the given string or crud seqs .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  filters   lstrip
truth:  filters   set

test:  convert all the rows from db to a json score .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  test keyword .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  pulls   testsuites
truth:  pulls   keyword

test:  recursively set all modules in the given folder .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  return   init
truth:  return   modules

test:  destroy the floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   height
truth:  destroy   lot

test:  searches the current list for product positions .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  index   switch
truth:  index   list

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  wraps   base64encodes
truth:  wraps   djangos

test:  return a list of targets that are suggests but doesnt exist or any other errors that are optimized or file-like .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  forces a string to a options[class] prefix .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  take a list of tuples and create a dict of an iterable of file names .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  build   expect
truth:  build   body

test:  extracts whether or not the user has staff access for the course wiki .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  convert a file or directory to a path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   tokenizing
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  return an unordered list of changeset_revisions and changeset metadata files for the received changelog changelog repository metadata .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  creates an absolute path from a tree .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get all migrations of instance and given instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  returns true if the falseglobal matches the query .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  all elements in sequence are distinct .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a decorator from a oauth object .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a c_cudadeviceprop .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  determine   unifies
truth:  determine   encoding

test:  splits list of indices along an axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  decodes a rrq wrq packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  fit dask noise to a dask model .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  computes the prob distance between two n-d .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  returns a dictionary of text of message .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  uses   switch
truth:  uses   list

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   attach
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of child revisions .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   retuned
truth:  link   revisions

test:  compare two files and their absolute paths .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  gets the add/edit status of a nvp connection given the specified cluster .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  extract the total number of seconds from a timedelta object in a way that is compatible with python <= 2 .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  resource endpoint handler .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   lets
truth:  endpoint   handler

test:  checks whether a function is a valid string for the given arguments .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a new stage api cli example: .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  list pending entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  override this function if trace_api is formatted differently in a dictionary to any termination .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  handles   whiteboard
truth:  handles   payload

test:  return the message to the structure .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  rfc   pulls
truth:  rfc   null

test:  check to see if the specific apache mod is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  add allocated_id to postgresql table in the idmapper table .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  count elements in a sequence by predicate .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  returns true if a query to be fed for a query .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  cross-platform version of os .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  combines   flip
truth:  combines   python

test:  async version of inspect .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  convert   compose
truth:  convert   usage

test:  square root in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with macports .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   calculate
truth:  confine   windows

test:  install the tornado from the tornado .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  provide a function of a :term:view object .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  adds   located
truth:  adds   method

test:  open or specified cover .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  return the container info for this minion cli example: .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  returns   satisfy
truth:  returns   container

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   truncate
truth:  creates   savepoint

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  usage: deprecate_module_with_proxy(__name__ .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  manage   bartels
truth:  manage   contents

test:  decides whether g consists entirely of strongly .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decodes corrected characters and values to mapped .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  install one or several arch linux packages .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  convert non-shared instance to a allocations dict .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  given   mounts
truth:  given   objects

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  returns a list of related models for all related models for a given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  encode destination(s) to xls .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return the given users dashboard .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  mark   generate
truth:  mark   users

test:  test that the printer too input is initialized with respect to a local error .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  extract numa topology from given host .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  extract   impute
truth:  extract   topology

test:  validate and format the id for inviting .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  returns first element of the first element in data .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  turn a rule into a tree that can be used as an application to check if a rule .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  return   unescapes
truth:  return   rule

test:  ensure that the given path/method is absent name the type of the given vname and vname .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  takes a draft and returns the draft version that is a statement and a draft .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  cleans   widening
truth:  cleans   location

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  return timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  private method traverses a string to verify if the user of the current comment key to access to the specific keys .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  run the gpg command and return its output .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  puts   pulls
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate a search query from a mysql search for the specified term .
truth: return query string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  parse a cookie header and return a tuple as the content type and the appropriate header value .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   modbus
truth:  parse   cookie

test:  parse an string containing options .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  parse   authorizes
truth:  parse   command

test:  wait until an operation has completed .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  fires   pulls
truth:  fires   null

test:  prints out the course info and prints certificates .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  prints   catch
truth:  prints   course

test:  convert a single file to a dataframe and write lines to c file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table length is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   imposes
truth:  subtract   f

test:  turns on or sockets to a specific device cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   grouping
truth:  turns   system

test:  maps the input range to [0 .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   simplifying
truth:  maps   range

test:  delete a keys from the given zone name .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  clear   start
truth:  clear   zone

test:  get simplified path .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   arrays
truth:  get   half

test:  get the default registry from the passed user .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  forces a string to a options[class] source .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an affine image back to a source image .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  pulls   unignores
truth:  pulls   patches

test:  returns the current line number in the current node .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   incoming
truth:  return   op

test:  restful crud exam value from an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  pulls   includes
truth:  pulls   entrance

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  context manager to open the temporary zip file on a given file .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   dimension
truth:  disable   serializers

test:  compute connectivity for a compute the compute the compute connectivity .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  get all python tests in python 2 .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   binhexed
truth:  find   tests

test:  does a internet lookup function which checks if a key exists and is valid .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and the dot product of the angle in the dot .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  given a file name and a string .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  pulls   choice
truth:  pulls   formats

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   building
truth:  get   tag

test:  get *true* by looking up to list .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get a widen file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   del
truth:  get   gcode

test:  extract the lines from a file .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  destroy the given course_id .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  destroys   emit
truth:  destroys   access

test:  return translation matrix to translation matrix .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  get information about a photo from the database .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   pair
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate the usage source code for a given system .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  instantiate   backup
truth:  instantiate   properties

test:  queues an opt-out email .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   terminates
truth:  queues   opt

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  jaccard similarity of two jaccard similarity .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  given an http url with authentication components in order to authenticate .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  given   format_alignment
truth:  given   authentication

test:  check if the name is a valid int for the comment .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  send account from email from remote server .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  runs   prettify
truth:  runs   process

test:  run a string in an ipv4 way to check the definedname list parameters bool : bool true if the predicate is given matcher .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  turns   pulls
truth:  turns   null

test:  train a network on b .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set up a sample for the given patterns .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  compute   switch
truth:  compute   list

test:  return an instance of a response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  generates standard normal variates with the mu and variance sigma2 parameters mu : str .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an error if unknown .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  check if a given object is a device .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  computes the 2d column of the array .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  configures   sparks
truth:  configures   number

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation directly .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  return memory memory usage of the named vm cli example: .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  is user allowed to soft-delete article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  get a pci device by node .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  modify the given agent .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  modify   reading
truth:  modify   agent

test:  return the correct type for an object .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is missing and some values are missing .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  initialize a new model .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  issues a merge request .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  attempt   trace
truth:  attempt   merge

test:  return the url to the appropriate app model .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  provide groups of tuples for all methods of a group .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  indicates if an instance is a boolean .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  get a users user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  return   display
truth:  return   print

test:  given the string representing a given host and possibly a port .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  fixture to wait for a test user .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  docker-py interface to sls .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  calls   mount
truth:  calls   task

test:  returns a list of child tuples .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  patches the function of a certain variable .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate random blob-ish data with noisy @m .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  create   restoring
truth:  create   data

test:  blocks ssl certificate on the rest of the ssl environment .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  wrap   extracts
truth:  wrap   socket

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  the html page .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  clip image to *n* based on dense value .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  deprecated   port
truth:  deprecated   helper

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  write a new acme list to a file .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  return information about an entity .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  convert   ignored
truth:  convert   google

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  wrapper for inserting a sequenceexample image to switches .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  build   embedded
truth:  build   example

test:  approximate number of args to grab the appropriate one .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pulls   chisquare
truth:  pulls   tuples

test:  merges multiple dictionaries .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  merge   ssl
truth:  merge   errors

test:  find a correlation matrix by nearest diagonal and class matrix .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  decorator to bind sparse row in order to the given column .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  normalize an expression in the expression .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load the data from one or more pathitems components of data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  the min score is within the min that the value expected to be processed and max expected value .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validates   skipping
truth:  validates   score

test:  compare two values of datapoints .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   igor
truth:  validate   device

test:  correlation coefficient to save typing .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start a response .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  elementwise sigmoid logistic sigmoid function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  end more info for a site .
truth: adds site . 
test:  adds   handles
truth:  adds   site

test:  r-style two points .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  convert elements of 16-bit to host .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  encodes   linkify
truth:  encodes   integer

test:  converts availability seeds and availability seeds to string .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  returns   predefined
truth:  returns   rating

test:  returns a list of fieldname from a table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   unpublicizes
truth:  returns   description

test:  convert pages to a list of items .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  convert   saves
truth:  convert   links

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  install the epoll() server .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  return information about the locate database cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a handle to page classes that should be included in the application details .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  yield   shortens
truth:  yield   classes

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   simplifying
truth:  carves   range

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  a context manager that will temporarily change the context for the given indentation .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   debug
truth:  context   profiling

test:  copies the entity_pb to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   representing
truth:  copies   specification

test:  returns a human-readable string representing the django_request platform .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  creates a partition on a partition .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  set auth and basic auth 'tools .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  set   hashing
truth:  set   cherrypy

test:  merge extra data from one or more dictionaries .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  check the arguments after the release kwargs are available .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  process   instantiate
truth:  process   arguments

test:  discover all of the modules in the given package .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  discover   pulls
truth:  discover   null

test:  skip tests that require a test case .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   binhexed
truth:  skip   tests

test:  return the best header of the comment header .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  test the /etc/shadow a process with a given process .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  signal a signal with referencing data .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  compare two entity and return true .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  parse the command line for options :returns: parsed options :rtype: string .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  add ssh key to the public key parameters to the public key as an existing public key .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  mkalias of resource fork of the resource portion of src .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  create   orders
truth:  create   alias

test:  return html for the course .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  decode a raw filename into one of the file containing fp encoding .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  mimic numpys .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  send a file with a named filename .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  retrieve a directory for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert dotted ipv4 address to unicode .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  test 81 values .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  for a " .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  choose_port() returns an instance returns the port returns the port returns true when the port is none .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if an object points to the same memory address than another object: .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns a locale for currency formatting .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  format   bench
truth:  format   value

test:  ensure that the named signal is absent with user to remove user the user to remove user the name of the user to remove from user the running .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  validate the means format .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  read and return the contents of a file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  handles the user reset .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  adds a method to be true or method to virtual loops .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  like locatefilename .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  return the expires certificate name of the certificate to install the certificate in the certificate file .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  print a single message to stdout .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  compute the scalar statistic for a single value of a range parameters h : array_like .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a rdbms manager for a rdbms type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  extracts a value from a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  navigate   restoring
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns default and translated objects for given user .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  return the first paragraph of the rectangles into rectangles .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  find   abbreviate
truth:  find   rectangle

test:  return an immmutable version of a header in a fits file .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get text from elementnode .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return the version of the named tuple .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  remove   poll
truth:  remove   versions

test:  list all services .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  test the appropriate **** commit .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  check if version is available on the system .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert a registry keys values to a constant key .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  print the passed output data and the bokeh level .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  checks that first is is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  compute polynomial composition f(g) in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  return an iterator over all of the content of the given directory .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  filter   unescaped
truth:  filter   entries

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  fetches all open threads of the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   resolved
truth:  fetches   threads

test:  tests the creation classes also support the same classes .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator for adding a function to a method .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  get the resource_types segment on init .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a catalog by name from the provided catalog catalog .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  helper function to out-degree to see if an optional expression is not a valid one .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  run   allows
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  cluster robust covariance matrix .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  return true if mode is from a character special device file .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  searches the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  redirect to a user .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  print state to the boolean state .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  return a list of the names of the input in a similar to post_save_redirect .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  turn   generate
truth:  turn   users

test:  spartist <album> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  pulls   visualize
truth:  pulls   artist

test:  walk a vdi chain and provide the associated vhd .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  yield   uncheck
truth:  yield   element

test:  return a sorted list of files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  creates a set of all property names .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   were
truth:  makes   property

test:  send an update action to push the update action .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  construct a activity egg from a matplotlib directory .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  build   stripped
truth:  build   egg

test:  returns the group id and group id for the group .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  given   preload
truth:  given   content

test:  returns the first opened localhost port .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  run a document to match a datastore .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  match   pass
truth:  match   document

test:  return a list of available users cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  checks to see if a file matches the python file in the current python file .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  dir() multiple arguments .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   crack
truth:  called   _

test:  same as a older b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  computes polynomial gcd of f and g in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  return the inverse of a .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  finds   forget
truth:  finds   inverse

test:  finder a list of urls .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  return a list of the roles that are not available .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   serves
truth:  return   roles

test:  test if a process has a group .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  ensure   history

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  pulls   compose
truth:  pulls   usage

test:  this function takes an ngrams and returns a string of every ospf .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  take   paging
truth:  take   interface

test:  set up a render_foo .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   saving
truth:  enable   feature

test:  format a python signature specification to display .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  get the path to .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  fill in markdown to the same notebook parameters work with the notebook .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  writes   setuptools
truth:  writes   notebook

test:  performs metagenomeseqs input statistics on a directory of abundance otu input expansion .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   input_fft_v
truth:  performs   normalization

test:  like make_wrappable() but returns a coordinate object .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  run the tag release .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  tag   bandstop
truth:  tag   release

test:  return the unicode representation of a path .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  creates a new package views .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  creates   registering
truth:  creates   views

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  retrieves a live indexes .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  checks if the theme has access to the current site .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  convert a list to a numpy object .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   switch
truth:  converts   list

test:  test column attributes should be ignored .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  test   mutate
truth:  test   column

test:  get a string from a string .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  a decorator to declare a function is called by deleting a bunch of the application .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  perform the "finish returns the substring .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  return   specifies
truth:  return   methods

test:  timestamp is an environment which contains only a single square root of angles with non-overlapping .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  substitute   homebrew_packages
truth:  substitute   structure

test:  forces an event handler for a failed request .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  noop   pulls
truth:  noop   null

test:  compile python arguments to bytestrings on python 2 and do it .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  takes   force
truth:  takes   kwargs

test:  log line positions which are not log .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  configure   embed
truth:  configure   logging

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  parameter url:内容链接 return a list of variables .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  function   skipped
truth:  function   use

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  check to make sure set_orientation works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  apply vagrant and firewall for vagrant client .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  resume all .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  scheduled   pulls
truth:  scheduled   null

test:  parses a string containing the leading and creates a list of tokens that are tuples of tokens or tuple .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  returns a coefficient matrix to create a symmetric matrix .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  try to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  decorator for cli args .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  use   provide
truth:  use   provider

test:  return a list of the baremetal servers that are on the provider cli example: .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  uploading uploading of a sequence of polynomials .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   pulls
truth:  prepare   null

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  check if the given url is a valid html header string .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  returns a comma-separated column name for a given target field .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  normalize a paragraph to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   supports
truth:  normalize   text

test:  skip a test if command is true .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  skips   carry
truth:  skips   test

test:  flip the fiducials or zip file .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  adjust   limiting
truth:  adjust   order

test:  list all libraries available to the logged in the modulestore .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   sanitize
truth:  list   libraries

test:  returns true if trace is a system term .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  loads   autoencoder
truth:  loads   xml

test:  sets a transaction manager for the current thread and code streak .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   trailing
truth:  sets   flag

test:  get group type access for given group type .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   emit
truth:  get   access

test:  equalize the image data .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   unplug
truth:  return   equalization

test:  sets a the the the value of the connection key to the cache .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  encodes string value from plain to plain format .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  compresses   bench
truth:  compresses   value

test:  return the digest digest for a given date .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  extract   recreate
truth:  extract   portion

test:  compatibility wrapper for the project .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  return a dict of active config values .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  parses   freezing
truth:  parses   configuration

test:  check if a volume is in the current mises distribution .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  try to initialize a review request for connection plus packlonglist documents .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initializes   flow
truth:  initializes   fields

test:  number of bits ending in seconds .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   execute
truth:  convert   region

test:  return the start field for a given month .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  aggregate   associated
truth:  aggregate   listing

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  return the closest tuple for the given nested tuple .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  main function to run the main entry-point .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   allowing
truth:  is   adapter

test:  assert that blockdevicedeployer warning_class and are supplied .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  when python is called .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  test   batched
truth:  test   guess

test:  check if path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   aligns
truth:  get   volume

test:  copy a file .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  context manager that temporarily verifies the state of the with block .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get all snapshots of all mentioned that do not throw an exception when a migration is true .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  construct the first kind of latex .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  convert   move
truth:  convert   latex

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  returns the url for the login view .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  fetch a specific build list .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  test plotting of epochs .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  test   permutates
truth:  test   epochs

test:  get a filter that checks if a cg has cgsnapshot snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  write the macros section of a include file .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   alignment
truth:  write   section

test:  parses the timestamp from the given interval and returns a tuple .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset on a dummy dataset-- tiny model
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   optimizes
truth:  roll   reservations

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  get a list of running tasks for a given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  creates a 2d tensor from a list of column .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  returns   throw
truth:  returns   x

test:  helper to provide sensible default function to handle cgi and cache its results .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return a connected measures measures .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  modifies the user input from the input stream .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  configure   scaled
truth:  configure   queue

test:  a simple tasks that expects a message to raise an exception .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the st_mode checksum .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a hard-link file given a filename and a mimetype .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  test that networkx graph involving raise an exception .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  ensure   needed
truth:  ensure   fit

test:  return a dictionary with many containers as keys and tree .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  adds data to the database .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  split an integer into a single-entry optimizer .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert iterator to a dict .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wait until all the javascript has completed .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  using   reported
truth:  using   function

test:  truncate by weeks .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   gives
truth:  truncate   days

test:  get the centroid of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  creates a studentmodule module for a given course_id .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats mapdict to a tuple to pass it to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   pulls
truth:  formats   null

test:  compare two texts .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  send email to users .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  url calling issue functions .
truth: if a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates a value in a positive format according to their positive rules .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  warn missing microversion header .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  log   eventlet
truth:  log   warning

test:  when a cohort has been modified .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  given a line of retuned or source distribution .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  calculates   downgrades
truth:  calculates   point

test:  get a hardwareid for a given resource id and key .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  lookup   restoring
truth:  lookup   data

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  test gl gl class .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  if the given request is a valid registry .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  pulls   raise
truth:  pulls   term

test:  create a w2p .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  make   mutes
truth:  make   app

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  find unique declaration .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  given a "host:port" and an ipv6 address .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  validates   preloading
truth:  validates   host

test:  test end to end test for show show command .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  fixture that yields a blob of a blob .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  launch a tunner from paramiko to a layer .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  checks to see if a file exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  upload the file to the specified folder .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  uploads   suggest
truth:  uploads   folder

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  replace an encrypted key with the data for the message .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  encrypts   labeled
truth:  encrypts   file

test:  print a portion of an raw response .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   emitting
truth:  print   character

test:  formats a task eta .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the number of cpu cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns if a function returns -f(x) if a valid interval is free or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  converts cron statements to cron .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   attribute
truth:  converts   statements

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  return missed usage from both tails and classes .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  slices   pulls
truth:  slices   null

test:  expose this decorator .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  a decorator for handling memoize function .
truth: create a property . 
test:  create   were
truth:  create   property

test:  redirect to the currently-logged-in users .
truth: takes request . 
test:  takes   knapsack
truth:  takes   request

test:  error handler showing list of available projects .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  fetches the specified replacement for the application .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  load a session file from the given file and return a single session object .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   command
truth:  load   session

test:  build a paginator .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  attempts   lambert
truth:  attempts   src

test:  decorates list of blacklisted info .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  try   bandstop
truth:  try   release

test:  returns true if filename looks like a file containing information .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  tests   labeled
truth:  tests   file

test:  get the absent state of the glance based on the current zone .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  ensures   clip
truth:  ensures   record

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   labels
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses an iso 8601 timestamp and returns a dictionary .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   thrown
truth:  parses   standard

test:  return the salt cloud storage .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  verify a parsed signature created via verification .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  use   linked
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  generates a array of points for a given type parameters x : array-like array .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the test fails with an unexpected log message .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a best parameter value .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  is   crowding
truth:  is   docstring

test:  quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   listed
truth:  pulls   constant

test:  convert a string to an int or a string .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert central matrix to a icrs matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  twitter the twitter dance .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  coverts a field to a datetime .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  get   force
truth:  get   kwargs

test:  copies the named user from the victorops .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  import a vdi and return the new vdis reference .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  move   pulls
truth:  move   null

test:  *very* a string to avoid use of tasks .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  pulls   entering
truth:  pulls   demonstration

test:  renders an absolute url for a given view of the given context .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  lists the installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  lists   interpolated
truth:  lists   plugins

test:  only load if use on the minion cli example: .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   carry
truth:  return   test

test:  raises an exception .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  determine a class to a clsid using a class .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  directory for final parent directory .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  expandtabs -> str each line of a single space .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  parse the location of a boolean and return a matrix of {expression}s .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run a single test .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  get hosts for updater subclass .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  create the simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return true if path starts with its prefix and its prefix .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  scatter trace hook .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  method to fix errors from the previous editor .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  deprecated   seconds
truth:  deprecated   editor

test:  given a url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   fill
truth:  normalize   pathname

test:  convert a certificate details to a certificate pointer .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  get the every the keys of the row as a dict .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  attach watching user ids to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   pulls
truth:  attach   null

test:  returns a menu object for the given instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  handles the least the summarize_model data when condition is a string .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  read the supplied sequence of ifname data from memory .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   flip
truth:  build   python

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  pulls   tail
truth:  pulls   getattr

test:  this walks takes the pk and begin the hint .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  serializing   mounts
truth:  serializing   objects

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  custom page to admin/create-cloudformation-template .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe month :统计月份 ppiip :工业品出厂价格指数 money qm:采掘工业价格指数 qm:采掘工业价格指数 rmi:原材料工业价格指数 pi:加工工业价格指数 cg:生活资料价格指数 food:食品类价格指数 clothing:衣着类价格指数 roeu:一般日用品价格指数 dcg:耐用消费品价格指数 .
truth: return dataframe month :统计时间 m2 :货币和准货币（广义货币m2） m2_yoy:货币和准货币（广义货币m2）同比增长(%) m1:货币 m1_yoy:货币同比增长(%) m0:流通中现金 m0_yoy:流通中现金同比增长(%) cd:活期存款 cd_yoy:活期存款同比增长(%) qm:准货币 qm_yoy:准货币同比增长(%) ftd:定期存款 ftd_yoy:定期存款同比增长(%) sd:储蓄存款 sd_yoy:储蓄存款同比增长(%) rests:其他存款 rests_yoy:其他存款同比增长(%) . 
test:  return   masked
truth:  return   month

test:  create an pcs pcs command stonith the stonith pcs pcs the stonith places of the pcs pcs command for the stonith name request: the pcs command cibfile additional options to
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   negate
truth:  create   resource

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  plots a source results .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  show   switch
truth:  show   list

test:  method to get the content path from the database .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  get   msg
truth:  get   component

test:  create a task .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  load a contractive model and dataset on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset it on the domain .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  test that a trailing spaces with a trailing row of trailing spaces .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  trailing   highlight
truth:  trailing   row

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a list of services that are disabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  check to see if an event is enabled on the local node .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   sampling
truth:  get   clock

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   enhanced
truth:  close   object

test:  in python 2 this is not implemented in the gui environment .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  get   created
truth:  get   mode

test:  if the given object is access to a course descriptor .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  asserts that initializing is implemented .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  output type info and kwargs from functions and kwargs files .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  check if a numpy array is a valid web server .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  given a class .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  modify   safe_octal
truth:  modify   class

test:  filter an otu table by samples .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filter   bounds
truth:  filter   table

test:  gprs request section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  load certificate-authority certificate objects from a pandas dataframe .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  validate a given project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  ensure   forgot
truth:  ensure   project

test:  tests for missing api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  checks   extract
truth:  checks   version

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  return the version of a package .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  this is a hack to make sure that reports on windows .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  create a room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  handles   escaped
truth:  handles   post

test:  univariate series inversion 1/p modulo o .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  multivariate   renders
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  start a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  return the storage repository without destroying the vdis within .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  power the specified * ['ipmi is present .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   stores
truth:  request   name

test:  encodes the input data into a new bracket .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   stores
truth:  create   name

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  eagerly evaluate the next ruturns where the moving refer is the tag before dominated it is the tag is an bs4 .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  yields the meeting to the context .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get the application id .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  returns   mixed
truth:  returns   engine

test:  thx for ambiguous .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  token   pulls
truth:  token   null

test:  temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert it .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  list the command on a list .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  test to ensure that hugs inline type correctly handles url encoded dictionary .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  tests   exposes
truth:  tests   values

test:  check whether the given element if a string in the splunk_search .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  verifies whether it take pref whether it exists in the future .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  ensure   flattening
truth:  ensure   field

test:  return true if the given flags flags are in the current session .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  inflates base64 base64 encoded string .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  verifies that all mailchimp have a given course id and returns true or false if the mailchimp list .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return the ceph cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  given a module name .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  import   switch
truth:  import   list

test:  returns a user with the last checked by a user .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  updates   support
truth:  updates   time

test:  scrub the device name from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   advance
truth:  scrub   title

test:  get a list of all available languages .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  this creates a tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  take the value passed .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  convert a matrices to a decimal array of colors .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  multiplies   uncheck
truth:  multiplies   element

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   homebrew_packages
truth:  walks   structure

test:  check to see if a module is installed or not .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  run command .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  find an element using an xml element .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  import   map
truth:  import   implementation

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  validate a clip against an axis .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a flavor from instances system_metadata by metadata .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   tile
truth:  delete   information

test:  this function is called to turn off the messages .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  remove   backported
truth:  remove   handlers

test:  loads from aggregated and returns a list of packages .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  table with re and a table with re and put it into the data points .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  read   bounds
truth:  read   table

test:  version of str .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load a template from a template file .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  loads   inspect
truth:  loads   eggs

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  perform a gaussian mean over the gaussian mean .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  location reject reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  updating   alignment
truth:  updating   section

test:  collect all four attributes and traverse_topologically .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   instantiate
truth:  collect   arguments

test:  build a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   bring
truth:  create   page

test:  returns data integrity by base64 server-side mac .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  pulls   decides
truth:  pulls   sha1

test:  adds a symbol to the data structure to show on web handlers .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  register a encoder/decoder that replies into a new typestr .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  get the api key for a user .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  shutdown traffic server on the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shut   clones
truth:  shut   server

test:  escapes an html snippet that is present in a url .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   supports
truth:  escape   text

test:  set format and round trip through precision .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  set   been
truth:  set   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   alignment
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a new json channels object for the given source message .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  do   consisting
truth:  do   link

test:  a filter to return a list of registered transformer .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  check if node is valid .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  return   l{twisted
truth:  return   subscription

test:  call the notification method of a user on the given subscription .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  given   l{twisted
truth:  given   subscription

test:  creates a path to the same directory as the host prefix .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  format a block for writing message .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  copy cache storage device to distribution .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  load the cpunish data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  read a configuration from a configuration file as a dictionary .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the representation of the content of an array on the given precision .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get hosts with the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only work on systems which exclusively use .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  work   rect
truth:  work   work

test:  controller to format an editable hierarchy .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  this mutes the dynamically .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  calling   reported
truth:  calling   function

test:  returns the proper group owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   chop
truth:  returns   owner

test:  convert raw iosync string like 1w3d6h into separate words .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  formats   account
truth:  formats   human

test:  unregister an e-mail hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   maintain
truth:  unregister   mail

test:  returns a list of field names to operate on the model name .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  return available boot sizes .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a list of the plugin associated with the given name .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   protected
truth:  create   urlconf

test:  function to mark a function if called when it doesnt exist .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  list dns keyring cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  measures -> int extracts the where the compared strings are threshold; and subplot values are the repeatedly number of seconds .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  handles   increase
truth:  handles   nodes

test:  sets the post then compute the led matrix .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  calling   reassemble
truth:  calling   compute

test:  toggle the widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  decorator for views that handles the transaction to modify a subsection score values for the kwargs['usage database .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  updates   targets
truth:  updates   grade

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  generate a help entry from a one-line .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  pulls   xfail
truth:  pulls   help

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   understemmed
truth:  filters   results

test:  for id our type of used by id .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  restart service name .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  upload a url to the server .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   processing
truth:  pulls   urllib2

test:  get a return versions of the current git system .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  get   tsv
truth:  get   components

test:  do a point of the current device and copy it to an iterable of software elements .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  numlist : ruleitem ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   algorithm
truth:  translate   points

test:  removes accents from a form .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  transform   deployed
truth:  transform   symbols

test:  add f to f in k[x] .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  roundrobin take elements from iterables in a round-robin fashion .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   search
truth:  roundrobin   d

test:  clean a filename .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   wanted
truth:  clean   filename

test:  formats a timestamp to a given github status .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  format   point
truth:  format   status

test:  api: accepts table to get a vo tab .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper function to create a gaussian msvsproject of a sequence of label .
truth: add i . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a range range(port_max range(port_max & ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   simplifying
truth:  encode   range

test:  an exception .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  allow   match
truth:  allow   syntax

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   repartition
truth:  comma   leaf

test:  handle the page expansion for the given page .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return list of all tags .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  decodes an unused even even to a file system .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  url   format
truth:  url   parameter

test:  returns the main global ip address of a given ipv6 address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  test that bad delimiter gives bad input .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  test and recaptcha a qurl .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  turn a*[x or arrays into an ipv4 address .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  decompress a string and returns a subclass .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  run any start_time traffic server .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  executes   compiles
truth:  executes   suite

test:  produce consistent chart consistent data based on available chart .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  convert real matrix to real matrix .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  tests that a matrix of multinomial is not a matrix .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   cleaning
truth:  tests   matrix

test:  remove the named group .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  check whether a phone number is a carrier number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  return true if path looks like a tar file .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  pads or 40 an address according to the pads pads .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  destroys a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   clip
truth:  destroys   record

test:  pick only auxiliary channels and last deleted channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   go
truth:  pick   channels

test:  always returns none .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  changes a new controller to the addition current bus spec .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  internal function to copy the monitordir host for temporary host .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  change table to the same as the backoff .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  pulls   bootstrapping
truth:  pulls   retry

test:  get information about the display .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  pulls   query
truth:  pulls   position

test:  get the version string for the current locale .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  take a list of functions of iterable of iterable of a method of a single iterable of all items in the iterable .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  pulls   reduce
truth:  pulls   shorthand

test:  context manager that asserts that have been protect preferred plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this method is used for testing a given domain .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  generator that yields models of order n .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  send a message to the given status message .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  standardizes   widgets
truth:  standardizes   responses

test:  return the virtual memory memory .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  autostartup we are not explicitly passed to the module .
truth: execute app . 
test:  execute   mutes
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull salt file references out of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   weblate
truth:  pull   references

test:  checks that a token matches the same flow .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  remove contacts from the viewpoint .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  fetch a lyricswiki from lyricswiki .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  fetch   pulls
truth:  fetch   null

test:  attempt to connect to our evaulates .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  convert a given recipients to a python identifier .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  fail unless the expected_paths has all the expected_paths .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  checks if the given best is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  creates a full task that will respont to the dimension at the end of the task .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  -   files
truth:  -   check

test:  alternative implementation to check if the iterable of size is too or equal to the number of items .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  this function tests that the rate model .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  evaluates the hyperbolic sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   launches
truth:  evaluates   sine

test:  zdt1 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  display the currently set on or off if supported :return: the "restart time is on .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  load a git index from a git repository .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  parse   commit
truth:  parse   repository

test:  updates a users password .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  terminate   generate
truth:  terminate   users

test:  deletes a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  implement range of the ais function .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  computes   humanized
truth:  computes   energy

test:  performs a new repo path .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  prompt   crop
truth:  prompt   directory

test:  get the actual url to send in an http request .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  construct a list of *all* that kitti filter along the supplied functional .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  output   quotes
truth:  output   map

test:  return whether a query can be created .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  enter the bokeh version of python .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  setup   package
truth:  setup   launchd

test:  function to import a finder .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  builds the model input spec .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  constructs   hash
truth:  constructs   flow

test:  signal handler for graceful ctrl .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  show the current server .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  loads a plugin from the provided file .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  attach a block storage volume name server to the new location .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  given an existing usercontributionsmodel and a datastore .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  commits   allocate
truth:  commits   user

test:  callback for setting with default .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  perform   centralized
truth:  perform   backup

test:  return an on/off name corresponding to a grid .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  handle merging of nodes of nodes of a region adjacency graph .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  callback   increase
truth:  callback   nodes

test:  sort an image by the first occurance of a list of polynomials .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  get   enhance
truth:  get   items

test:  clear the namespace from the local node .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   guessing
truth:  clear   namespace

test:  utility to find a string representation of a string .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  add   sparks
truth:  add   number

test:  given a compiler object .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  get   img
truth:  get   compiler

test:  reorders the user prompt .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  prompt   generate
truth:  prompt   users

test:  returns the canonical atype size for a given atype atype atype .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  retrieve   teardown
truth:  retrieve   type

test:  attach a total points counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  get current video subtitle .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   skills
truth:  get   track

test:  returns the name of an instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  shortcut   stores
truth:  shortcut   name

test:  recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series the series will be returned in the order to provide the stable row in rule_str_list the order to each
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  return true if f is a treefragment of the data in f .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  reverse list elements of product-of-spacings or between 2 rotates method .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  branching branching branching rule repeatedly .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   reveal
truth:  compose   sequence

test:  creates a function for checking index column .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  get a version-2 host string .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  turns   preloading
truth:  turns   host

test:  save a single record for a given audio .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  opens   takes
truth:  opens   stream

test:  returns the language-code of the language-code supported settings .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  save configuration variables to a json file .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   freezing
truth:  save   configuration

test:  compute the objective function of precision .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  pulls   publish
truth:  pulls   graph

test:  returns a unittest suite for the provided wsgi test suite .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  generate   binhexed
truth:  generate   tests

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  log a message .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  fixture providing a fake attribute and make a mocked .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  patch   knapsack
truth:  patch   request

test:  returns an unordered dictionary of the provided revision changeset rev and the received changeset revision .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  create   chops
truth:  create   un

test:  make the win32 rules that use for the supplied subprocess .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  set   put
truth:  set   rules

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion assuming that the observations come in the given likelihood .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   tile
truth:  computes   information

test:  source and will return a pd .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  prepare all modules to make a package .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  does   writing
truth:  does   ironpython

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  returns a json representation of the entity .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  convert   connect
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns the circuit reference : empty collection | ref | 1/0 reference .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  load a resource from a file .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  decorator to temporarily notify a function to be profiled .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get a backup by name .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   scaled
truth:  collecting   queue

test:  log a message at the line .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  initialize   decorating
truth:  initialize   log

test:  gets the table of the day .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  generates   representing
truth:  generates   specification

test:  return general arrays of nodes .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  constructs   stacking
truth:  constructs   grid

test:  convert a integer to an integer .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  read the header of a page from the given page .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  a variation that is off of the views .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  get   command
truth:  get   session

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  computes a new least squares estimator on the scipy .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  this should be used as a new cache for the external application cache .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  isprime:bool return true if boto is prime .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  this function is not needed outside a break runner .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  map a path to a subnet registry .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  print a status message to stdout and after the user .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  parse a raw source entry .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  returns   exponential

test:  convert a string to a list .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  returns   been
truth:  returns   format

test:  predicate to show a test message .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a dictionary from the specified name .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return a list from header string .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   initalize
truth:  convert   k

test:  get or set the radial ticklines on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check whether the country code is available .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   borrowed
truth:  given   instances

test:  used to transfer a single file .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  determine if the flag_size flag_size handle to the same narrow operators .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  changes   reported
truth:  changes   function

test:  drop names of tables .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  force   step
truth:  force   names

test:  writes a string to standard format .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  set the global entry in the global registry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  check to make sure pandas and is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  create an array with the same shape as values of the precision function .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  check   downloading
truth:  check   package

test:  add arguments to a build arguments .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  base   instantiate
truth:  base   arguments

test:  a short style address that displays the address and coaches .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  lookup   borrowed
truth:  lookup   instances

test:  return the simple url of the server manager webapp timeout : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  command   advised
truth:  command   commands

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  wasnt wasnt the first opened in the catalog - get the resulting message albums .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  verify   sparks
truth:  verify   number

test:  get file items from a list of path or items .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  delete the processed directory .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  delete   extends
truth:  delete   signals

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  only load if the traffic module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   git
truth:  load   ini

test:  show the page of a given page .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  displayed   capitalizes
truth:  displayed   revision

test:  return a new ripemd160 object .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  return   linked
truth:  return   crypto

test:  group array on scalar or numpy array of 2d data t .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  sum   rising
truth:  sum   group

test:  add the billedopprotos in the given billed to the given map .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  this check ensures that the path to the directory that the directory that the file is stored in .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  tanh of a tensor .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  pulls   stay
truth:  pulls   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  calculate the peaks of an image array on the given peaks .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  find   measure

test:  gets the xunit setup .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  returns an umc module object prepared for editing an existing entry .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  update an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  update   urlencode
truth:  update   item

test:  download an results to a generator .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   labels
truth:  download   transform

test:  decorator to timing function .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  routing area update request section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  read the contents of a file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  department controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  flatten a histogram file to read a list of expressions .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  try to read and parse the docker-compose file .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   raising
truth:  read   docker

test:  test xunit output with different filename .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  combine two ranges to a and b .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  wrap a methods such that it performs closed protected .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  disconnect receiver from a list of receivers this gets directly to the prod-requirements of receiver .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   selecting
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   inputhook
truth:  testing   sys

test:  make the test case to transform from queryresult to one .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a decorator that converts a function to a deprecated line .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  list all instances .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   missed
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  an --> version .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  revision volumename display a --unit .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  get   capitalizes
truth:  get   revision

test:  create only masking groups from an unknown table .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  command : next id lparen error rparen equals expr to expr .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return true if path is absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get remaining edge hashtable by the corresponding to the z after the edge xor .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   pack
truth:  get   edge

test:  rearrange list .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a volume type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  ban user has not revisions a submissions .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns a dict with username as filenames for the given username .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  check the log in the given json .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  test that all inputs exist .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   skipped
truth:  test   use

test:  parse a parsefile and return the biom object .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   sigma
truth:  add   vertexes

test:  returns a list of actors for the given user .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  focused   takes
truth:  focused   stream

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  print the trace message to stderr .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  format a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  simple intf test .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  like np .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  build an url for a bokeh endpoint .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  function   control
truth:  function   generation

test:  converts x to a string .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   reading
truth:  create   agent

test:  dump message into stdout .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  returns the graph g for the given largest .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate a top-level site items .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  return the data of a datastore .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  allow   emit
truth:  allow   access

test:  callback invoked when auth is run .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  invoked   format_alignment
truth:  invoked   authentication

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  helper function to convert datetimelike-keyed time string like 1h bytes .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  decorator that protects endpoints using http security authentication .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   reuse
truth:  pulls   endpoints

test:  a list of the standard include directories on the system .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  returns a list of the translation of all valid singular predictions .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  helper to get/create a new tp for a given project .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  embed an album into an album dipole items into the items into the items in an album .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  convert a string .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  list nat driver .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  get   put
truth:  get   rules

test:  from the linux endpoint to bind to the subnet subnet .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  elementwise sigmoid activation function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  retrieve a hash of fields from a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   flow
truth:  generate   fields

test:  returns the blobinfo status .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  did   returns
truth:  did   something

test:  return a uri name for the given metric .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  read   crop
truth:  read   directory

test:  simulates creation of a directory called clone_dir inside of tmpdir .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  extracts authentication credentials from http basic auth .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  check that expected methods raises an exception .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns true if idle is running on os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if the object is defined: .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  calls the api to prevent multiple tables .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  set   fixes
truth:  set   manager

test:  calculates the cyclic attribute of a metasploit pattern based on the length as a string .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  retrieve contributor to a contributor node .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  list of nodes that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  gets all tu .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  obtain   throttle
truth:  obtain   unit

test:  returns a normal xml metadata .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  determine whether floating-point values are equal .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  convert a potential structure of each component .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  transfer   unlocking
truth:  transfer   source

test:  add new kernel .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   iterator
truth:  add   kernel

test:  send promiscping who-has requests to determine which hosts are up promiscping -> none set cache=true if you want promiscping .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   creates
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  get the again for given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  direct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  both want and hive-site tests .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure the marathon app exists .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   mutes
truth:  ensure   app

test:  return a list of the methods .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  ordlist(s) -> iterator return a copy of the string s with upper case characters converted to lowercase and vice versa .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  wrapper around |message| images into one mode .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  setup the original config object .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  function to get the data list of all the files and its managed files .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  decompress gzipped data on a sequence of dictionaries .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  stream   enroll
truth:  stream   iterator

test:  get an aggregated privacy with a spinnaker set of data .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  record   wanted
truth:  record   filename

test:  test wsgi application .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  test   roundrobin
truth:  test   application

test:  get all instance faults for a given instance_uuids .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  tests implementing sanity .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  pulls   generalized
truth:  pulls   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  mounts the specified service .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  restores a space separated list of trees to a previous one .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  restore   freezing
truth:  restore   configuration

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  remove all newlines from a string .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  generate a pycrust hash containing the contents of the source .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a wrapper around partial file lock .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  object   place
truth:  object   generator

test:  decode ctc denoising to prediction mode .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  decodes   flattens
truth:  decodes   output

test:  list all keyring keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  list   review
truth:  list   keys

test:  change the users room number cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   unlink
truth:  change   phone

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  if object is none .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  return a list of directories that are on the master .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns information on a locate or locate cli example: .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  returns the size of linode to use in linode .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  like getattr .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  gets a list of included included applications for the current applications .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  show information on the system .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  get all the folders under the folder id passed to the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  creates a copy of response headers .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   logging
truth:  create   flask

test:  cast a numpy dtype to a dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   tabulate
truth:  create   makefile

test:  delete a container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   satisfy
truth:  delete   container

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  wait until a condition has true or true .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   dictionary
truth:  wait   condition

test:  set the cloud scenario .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compile expected and return the histogram .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  assert   batch
truth:  assert   code

test:  decorator to add a dummy class to the method of a class .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password data with a password key .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  returns the arp history for the arp table .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  resolve the provided document .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   pass
truth:  resolve   document

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  check   alignment
truth:  check   section

test:  lists available locales cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  custom decorator to custom histogram .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  process the face from the xmltext .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  swaps swaps that will check the token contains a list of tokens and post tokens that are valid .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a test model populated with the given arguments .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  yaml: shining publish shining test results requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:m2 plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a key into a binary string of key this is a bytestring of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  expr : * | expr_stmt .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   pulls
truth:  expr   null

test:  returns the value of a method in a method .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  remove leading and newlines from a list of strings .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  creates an one-off dict of arrays and type parameters arrays : list of arrays or n : boolean array of arrays or n see also work in each cartesian values
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  generate   registers
truth:  generate   product

test:  returns a list of strings and an ellipsis for quotes .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  converts the user id to an accountlistentry object .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  gets a list of up rollback .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  load an operation from the given model and set it as a dictionary .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  call   located
truth:  call   method

test:  compute evoked using interpolated images .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   zoom
truth:  compute   vectors

test:  generate a figure with respect to lang and upsampling .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  draw   forwards
truth:  draw   image

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   authorizes
truth:  require   command

test:  return a function that returns the graph containing the info of the digraph .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  return   craft
truth:  return   expr

test:  renders the url for a url .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  parse an openid response into composite openid request .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  loads and returns an postgres server .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   enters
truth:  return   bucket

test:  find the longest longest longest array with the same shape and return the same tree with the same tree type .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns the contact first contact that is active for the contact .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  fills   r^2
truth:  fills   form

test:  returns a list of notifications notifications that are present on the system .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  used by sd_ref .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  return a new image array for pil images .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  promote   pulls
truth:  promote   null

test:  left is a sql clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  stop all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  activate   resulting
truth:  activate   workers

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker plugin and linux distribution .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   identifies
truth:  enable   plugin

test:  return true if the url is ssh .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  check   drop
truth:  check   ssh

test:  test requestspec level glyph .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   rotate
truth:  test   loading

test:  given a template string .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  compile   storing
truth:  compile   template

test:  transform all tasks from uri into a uri .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  check that numpy array holds unicode labels .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return line; line; linear detrending .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the docker client .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  if exclude_names is not explicitly passed to read() .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   lets
truth:  denied   handler

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  return art url from itunes .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  test typical root view with a return_to root .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  determine distance between 2 sets of [lat and consistent .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  finds   rfc
truth:  finds   distance

test:  returns a class with the given model class .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   wrapped
truth:  returns   permission

test:  datastore -> code_object .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  return   rearranges
truth:  return   import

test:  wrap gaussian creation .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  provides   accentuated
truth:  provides   getter

test:  colorize text color box using ansicolor ref: .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  colorize   displaying
truth:  colorize   ref

test:  deletes a user based on the review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests whether url can connect to a network based on a network device .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  retrieve the number of workers in the current thread .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the terminal for a locale .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  custom limit_dict automatically set title and return a custom string .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  and exits .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  fib -> 1 .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  remove generated files .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get a string representing the current uuid in the specified format .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  returns   squeezing
truth:  returns   uuid

test:  call a actor with a var(p) error codes .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  return firewall skewness .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  create   need
truth:  create   interfaces

test:  update an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  get the current logical servers .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  get get magnitude from nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  evaluate an b-spline b-spline or a b-spline of the extra_spec b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  find   estimate
truth:  find   roots

test:  create an image metadata from a pil image .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  enrich   post_save
truth:  enrich   metadata

test:  remove all padding in a string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   step
truth:  remove   names

test:  create an album field named plugins .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  release media instance from media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  return a list of the available guests names on the system .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   prefilled
truth:  return   hosts

test:  get the list of pids of all running pids .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all services that are not within a given binary .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  test either a non-existing covariance matrix .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   gated
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalize the dataframe for a dataframe so that we can access the seq_order characters .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  replace   step
truth:  replace   names

test:  returns a list of prefixed units that are prefixed by the given unit .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  handler for testing .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  return a dictionary having the value of a configuration .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  net of a matrix is a sequence of shapes .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  test rl_backward_char of label averaging .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  return the list of entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  remove an openstack configuration data from the postgres server .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   allocated
truth:  return   mongodb

test:  gets a list of information about the about a service about the given vim .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  if the given index line has a negative index .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  handles   small_stmts
truth:  handles   line

test:  associated with an asset address .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  single transaction denied page .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  denied   bring
truth:  denied   page

test:  return an array of array on a device .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  call   rectified
truth:  call   cuda

test:  create a from code block from code .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   converted
truth:  return   block

test:  get the template for a source directory .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  remove double characters from a string .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  get the minimum minimum labels of the values of an array at labels .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  calculate   echo
truth:  calculate   minimum

test:  toggle toggle images on uncaught images .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  like partial args and keyword arguments to handle sure that the right function is true .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get the close line from the wiki node .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  delete specific entities .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   enhance
truth:  delete   items

test:  returns a generator of http/2 .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  expects   takes
truth:  expects   stream

test:  run an action on a pathwildcard .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  return   callback

test:  send a message .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  broken   reported
truth:  broken   function

test:  return a list of objects of the objects specified .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns all custom entities of a schema .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  get   tokens
truth:  get   union

test:  checks whether user has access to this document .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  simple little function to format te .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   labeled
truth:  format   file

test:  true if the named service is poweroff .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  issue   starting
truth:  issue   shutdown

test:  returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decodes the same steps as instantiated .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  decorates   safe_octal
truth:  decorates   class

test:  opens a stream in a zipfile .
truth: open stream . 
test:  open   takes
truth:  open   stream

test:  return the given model .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  filter the list of errors to only occured errors .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   pulls
truth:  filter   null

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   translates
truth:  test   flags

test:  normalize univariate readings .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  normalize   algorithm
truth:  normalize   points

test:  wal proposals by imdb parents .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  test snapcast where slack build .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  tests   wants
truth:  tests   parts

test:  remove non-print characters from a string .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trim   shared
truth:  trim   string

test:  convenience wrapper around execute() .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  attach an existing node to the specified lb nav .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  get the last access time of a file .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   interpolates
truth:  read   lang

test:  set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   reported
truth:  set   function

test:  allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  allows   archive
truth:  allows   member

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  create a new object .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  this function formats an empty mime type to a string containing azure info from lang-code .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the fully qualified time of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  should give error raised when l{banana would give an tagged literal .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  check   restoring
truth:  check   data

test:  delete a config key .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  returns the list of the elements in the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  unique_everseen -> iterator get the elements of an iterable .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  detach elb to subnets .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   registered
truth:  detach   elb

test:  compress the given protocol .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  handles   find_goroutine
truth:  handles   compression

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  perform any data in the provided dictionary .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  convert color to hex string .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  decorator that adds acl to the request if the request has permission to do not introduced by the user .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  prevent   usage_key_string
truth:  prevent   view

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  print an error message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  get the md5 checksum of a v1 encoded dictionary .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  performs the silhouette of the swift score with the sparse matrix will be used as score .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  convert a binary string into an integer .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  create   preserve
truth:  create   int

test:  run an ogr command on a python source .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  setup the insteon hub sensors .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors and for the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   subset
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test pip -e for pip .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  test   show

test:  generate one outlier-free .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  pulls   multiplicative_expression
truth:  pulls   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  same as check_required but returns a list of index .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  inputs   bounds
truth:  inputs   table

test:  asserts that choice names given in *choices* are the only ones values .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  asserts   pulls
truth:  asserts   null

test:  create tp and tp10x instances with identical parameters settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   borrowed
truth:  create   instances

test:  run numbered on all items of a given prefix .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  compute split polynomial pseudo-remainder from f and order .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compare   round
truth:  compare   polynomials

test:  returns the equivalent of n unique elements in sparse matrix .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list availability zones for this account .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  create a qrcode .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of dns services that are common to be used to appear in the specified subnet .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  get   wait
truth:  get   servers

test:  set default credentials value to aws default credentials .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  copies remote url to remote url .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  sign a testcase to the generic dict .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  lists all grains in the currently loaded as a list .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  read source spaces from a fif file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   unlocking
truth:  read   source

test:  strips leading whitespace from a text in a given string .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  given   supports
truth:  given   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   review
truth:  replace   keys

test:  return the most recent users exercises .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  send an email to the initiator of a bulk email template .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return a list of names of methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  encodes a string to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return a list of build build files in the given folder or from a folder .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  translates text to proper words .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   reported
truth:  control   function

test:  get media tex class from multiple hosts or a dictionary of headers .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  parses the output from the string "s" .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parses   flattens
truth:  parses   output

test:  create a new server listening to ssl connections .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  define   clones
truth:  define   server

test:  lists the nest specification .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist | newline indent stmts dedent .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  check whether the user is allowed to do the access of the user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  verify the method name to an type verify the type get the method of a method name .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  creates   located
truth:  creates   method

test:  given the output of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   flattens
truth:  given   output

test:  renders a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  show all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   choice
truth:  print   formats

test:  parses a dict of the primary key to be changed via the line functions take .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  show the details from proxmox concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  return all elements in seq with predicate .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return a list of available endpoint cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   mask
truth:  test   accuracy

test:  removes html or xml entities from text .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  strips   connect
truth:  strips   entities

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  add a management help to async .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  execute   lambda
truth:  execute   django

test:  returns a path to the built-in config directory .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  disable markdown contents of markdown .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  escapes   skipped
truth:  escapes   use

test:  create a function to unpatch a policies .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  pulls   reflect
truth:  pulls   testcase

test:  setup the cow container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   satisfy
truth:  setup   container

test:  create an image with given name .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  call   wanted
truth:  call   filename

test:  convenience decorator for benchmarks authentication attributes on the same length which allow the attributes of a function to be used as well .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  verifies that the command line contains a earningsestimatesloader table .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  step   emits
truth:  step   definition

test:  return a list of sys .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  main function for this module .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  start   authorizes
truth:  start   command

test:  check if a given environment exists on the system .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  scan the interactive ports for each python .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scans   edit
truth:  scans   ports

test:  check that all layers base_case tasks are loaded .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  test   generating
truth:  test   shell

test:  parse a string s to determine the filenames that is a dictionary .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  runs python script in a subprocess .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   optimized
truth:  run   script

test:  ensures that a expression under the expression examples match up to the sympy expression .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  convert a time in yyyymmdd format to a string .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  get the default extension .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  returns the cost cost of the graph .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  compute   runs
truth:  compute   cost

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   differ
truth:  convert   rest

test:  generate all enumerate cliques in the graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  uninstall an npm package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   downloading
truth:  uninstall   package

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously in a class with the given inputs .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the dpid from a breadcrumb .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return a list of access paths given the path .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  given   been
truth:  given   format

test:  unflatten :rfc:2047 to the energy of n elements in python 2 .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  iter   chisquare
truth:  iter   tuples

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib curve in the :ref:user to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the object referenced by package name .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  format the given text to human readable format .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  change the brightness of x to change the brightness .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   c_value_type
truth:  change   brightness

test:  returns the line graph in the given tournament graph .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  check if enum is a valid aws enum .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  registers a query for the given handlers .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   backported
truth:  register   handlers

test:  returns a random key generated by iv .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  compute the median absolute error .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  compute the matrix exponential using the certificate_statuses matrix x .
truth: computes np . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   lets
truth:  test   handler

test:  return a host free ports that doesnt exist or the given port .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  return the purchase name of the current payment .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  validate the category .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns lower case of a given string value .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  registers the support dictionary mapping of the plot-schema library .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   clones
truth:  register   server

test:  get the attribute statistics for a given server .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  generate   constrain
truth:  generate   attribute

test:  return possible to data .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  just prevent print out debugging information .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates new blocklist with the hosts file .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  compute spherical bessel function jn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  ensure a node exists on a node node with a given value should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a node
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   were
truth:  ensure   property

test:  test ask with local context .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  affine weight init .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  pulls   rescanning
truth:  pulls   weights

test:  delete an tag from the instance .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  only supported on posix-like systems with setquota binary available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  a shortcut for registering /dev/sdc hooks .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  joins a list of node arguments and creates a previously one that is not in the result for other fields .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  resets   building
truth:  resets   tag

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  parses timeseries data as a timeseries file for each of a named image parameters data : bool or timeseries filepath to extract the indices of the image files .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  get doc permissions for a given user .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  get the default storage-wwns environment variables .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns true if git is installed .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  check   unparsing
truth:  check   git

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  check parallel classifier selects smaller class label in parallel predict .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   carry
truth:  mark   test

test:  mark a task as a dict .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  add metadata to an address .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  perform a function to be run .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common test fixtures for standard fixtures .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   unsqueeze
truth:  set   fixtures

test:  check if the value is not a valid bool string .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  raise   quantize
truth:  raise   priority

test:  returns the wavefunction wavefunction r_{nl} for a 3d isotropic harmonic oscillator .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test functionality for functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  reset the prefixer for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  send an email containing a normal relationship derived from the send_mail dictionary .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  get all users on the system .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  converts a list of items from a json file .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  process   restoring
truth:  process   data

test:  run all tests .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  set the path of a file or directory .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   resizes
truth:  set   icon

test:  into the numa and stores it on the numa .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  decorate a method tuple with a given responses to the current session .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  sort an iterable of keys .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  print   executed
truth:  print   dictionary

test:  attempt to delete users cli example: .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   relying
truth:  delete   login

test:  a generator to iterate through each message in the book .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  takes   deployments
truth:  takes   sources

test:  given the supplied tree .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  compute the number of repeated factors of x .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  get   round
truth:  get   polynomials

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  test that <search works .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   incorporate
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return the normal power of the bw in kernel .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  sends a signal to connected connected paths .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  computes the average error .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   capturing
truth:  computes   error

test:  remove flavor access for flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  remove   append
truth:  remove   tenant

test:  remove session data from a request .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  remove closed events and handle函数接受一个参数url，返回真实下载地址字符串， for given figure .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   memoizes
truth:  remove   plot

test:  patch variables from the given doc .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  patch   labeled
truth:  patch   file

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  resize using python imaging library .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  resize   inquire
truth:  resize   tool

test:  print a logger to disk examples .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  log   ssl
truth:  log   errors

test:  return the package ids that the criteria belongs to install the package ids in the specified package id the package id the path to the package ids .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  attempt   downloading
truth:  attempt   package

test:  get the pyo formatted codes that can be read .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  retrieves the state dictionary with *new* values .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  accumulate   fetches
truth:  accumulate   parent

test:  shows the purchase activity list to app .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   bring
truth:  shows   page

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime to a :py:class:datetime .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  get the name of the lazy function .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  parse a content-type like header into .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  print the current metric value for the given metric .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  given a dict of headers .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  decorate a function to dispatch a sequence of arguments .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  return event data via path_item .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  return   expects
truth:  return   queries

test:  accepts a datetime object .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  format   merge
truth:  format   iso

test:  solve an ordinary response for a complex matrix .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  rgb to hex color space conversion .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  given   identified
truth:  given   rgb

test:  create a tensor with a vector of variable elements .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  fit a random member of features .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  learn   initalize
truth:  learn   k

test:  set the current idle time zone .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  sets   sampling
truth:  sets   clock

test:  local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  send an apns notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  run the tests .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate over all child nodes in an ast .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  a customized secret key .
truth: given a key . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  get the evaluated int as an int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  determine if older than seconds matches the older date in seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if model is allowed to do allowed .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   blocks
truth:  attach   representation

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   fitnesse
truth:  get   events

test:  return the file scheme .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  get a usable type .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  extracts hyperbolic fields from tweet .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  extract   exposes
truth:  extract   values

test:  measures outputs in a given image as a list of images .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  downloads a sink ordering from a node using kosarajus two pass .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  returns   concatenates
truth:  returns   ordering

test:  test ids of data .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  make   rename
truth:  make   members

test:  callback to check that all value is joined .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  extracts a custom form id from the given google cloud storage .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  returns a new collection with the given id .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  returns the precision to use for a currency .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  compute the cost variance of the sub-sampled polynomial .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  compute the 1-norm of x in list .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   scans
truth:  compute   pairs

test:  make verbose syslog returned by prepare_data() .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  run   rendering
truth:  run   routines

test:  the main purpose of the config object .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  configure   executed
truth:  configure   dictionary

test:  check whether or not the first item should be a term .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  compute signal from given signal number of quadratic or start of quadratic .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   believe
truth:  compute   spline

test:  generate rsa keys of a ints where the numbers is private key of nbits and items .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  verifies that the requests contains all of the specified arguments .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  temporarily add or incorrect delay documentation to the accounts class .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  pulls   compile
truth:  pulls   documentation

test:  slugify a dotted path without using __file__ .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  loads   bootstraps
truth:  loads   callable

test:  enable/disable config .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  retrieves the lock on a redis document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  lock   pass
truth:  lock   document

test:  helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  pulls   reblock
truth:  pulls   netmask

test:  only work on linux systems .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  run   setting
truth:  run   systems

test:  this is a silly small function to be used for yadis .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  expands   pulls
truth:  expands   null

test:  create an environment dict .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  import storage repository to a directory .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  import   whitelisted
truth:  import   repo

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  checks for empty header fields for primer .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   flow
truth:  checks   fields

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  train a models that runs the given net .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  return union of items as a list of rokhlins .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  combine   decoding
truth:  combine   lists

test:  creates the python ip address for the current environment .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  return the location of a package .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  updates   access
truth:  updates   url

test:  casts value of and finishedjobregistry values into the appropriate type .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  adds useful to the beginning of string so that they arent already url-encoded .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  unquote   disarmed
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  saves a file to disk .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  truncate   labeled
truth:  truncate   file

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   bounds
truth:  recomputes   table

test:  check if tuples in the sequence are identical .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  get memory information from /proc/meminfo .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the closest ansi color based on the image_ref value in the short .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   print
truth:  find   approximation

test:  converts hex string to rgb .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  hex   identified
truth:  hex   rgb

test:  get a metadef namespace .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  given a png canvas .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  given   parens
truth:  given   figure

test:  this page is blank .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  call this function if it has no lamps .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  returns an array of ones with same shape and dtype .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  construct a tuple from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  decorator to update page and raise invalidgitrepositoryerror if field is not bound to none .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  i have to check if index is required .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  creates directory to make manage migrations for user to directory .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  create   belonging
truth:  create   migrations

test:  computes labeller = n pin .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  labels   centers
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update and updates the database to use .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  run   unpin
truth:  run   routine

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   ip
truth:  generates   paths

test:  send a message on a topic .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  wraps   prioritized
truth:  wraps   messages

test:  run the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the version of these bindings .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  format   building
truth:  format   tag

test:  remove the command on the minion .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   flattening
truth:  construct   field

test:  create a server_version_info error .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  get and add loops from loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  we get here from /clusterstatus .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  render   identifies
truth:  render   plugin

test:  provide unique alert for a specific aggregate - used to access an alert template .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  create a new message cipher .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  run data from the series of data points .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  provide   small_stmts
truth:  provide   line

test:  clean up the module called on shutdown .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  do   mixing
truth:  do   cleanup

test:  returns an object from a string including module and space .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  tries   enhanced
truth:  tries   object

test:  chisquare test of chisquare for pairs of chisquare label map for pairs of pairs of pairs .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  chisquare   carry
truth:  chisquare   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   pauses
truth:  ascii   printing

test:  read from git .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  solves an order linear move based on the image_ref of a method of 1st .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the methods .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  function   binhexed
truth:  function   tests

test:  draw the spline layers function layers .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  return   approve
truth:  return   *

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if tp are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   answer
truth:  check   diffs

test:  generator to iterate over all values .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  waits for an element to become active .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  transform the dns crap code from a sparse code .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  transforms   pulls
truth:  transforms   null

test:  test if task is the minimize .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  maximum of array a and b .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  get the fairness for a given number .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  using   tokenize
truth:  using   significance

test:  removes a nexusport binding from the database .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   stack
truth:  removes   nexusport

test:  read comments from the shared source file .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  given   inline
truth:  given   worksheet

test:  if: more than a view class .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  insert   rescale
truth:  insert   inline

test:  serialize and image to a sequence of input data .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  converts   zdt3
truth:  converts   converts

test:  perform a single bytestring or returns a _schema .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  returns true if n is prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the libcloud object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   fake
truth:  convert   load

test:  return sensors .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  create an array of points and a new ndarray containing the most recent values .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  create   explore
truth:  create   segments

test:  integer representing a rational type types .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  stop an api operation on a remote api .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  declares   allocate
truth:  declares   user

test:  compute the flowgrams in the clustering clustering file handle to the sff file handle the sff file handle .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  clusters   convert
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  log a single grid request .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  indent text with a number of characters .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   shared
truth:  indent   string

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a list of undeclared .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  check   step
truth:  check   names

test:  get a path to the users home directory .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  return the nibbles of a character specified as a unicode string .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  passed a unique secret key for this deployment .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  generate population part of the bezier part .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  is   suppose
truth:  is   algorithm

test:  use step to use matcher instead of instance .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  change   instruct
truth:  change   matcher

test:  this returns a dict of files that occur in the given file .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  logs a datetime object that you can convert to .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  determines   having
truth:  determines   expiration

test:  test that we can remove astropy from a time .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  make   been
truth:  make   format

test:  strategy that rewrites an integrand .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds the delta spec for the managed set of fields of the object .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  test url .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  check for a source group .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  extracts   whiteboard
truth:  extracts   payload

test:  decorator to runs a function as an argument .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  format   instantiate
truth:  format   arguments

test:  return a list of all available minus classes cli example: .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  wait for the service to be specified .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  start a virtual server on a specified port .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  set or set a copy of palette .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  if given obj is an instance of parent default: true .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  find all of the interface for a given python modules .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  get true if point after a point .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  pulls   representing
truth:  pulls   specification

test:  list unique elements in an iterable .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  we try to get a structured data for all inputs .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  test   decide
truth:  test   groups

test:  returns true if the given key has key .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  collect ports created by quantum from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   edit
truth:  collect   ports

test:  solves an equation system s with variables on a ) version of 3-axis labels .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  retrieve information about a users freebsd and return dictionary in dictionary form .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   switch
truth:  accepts   list

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  implement   pulls
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an inline role block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the keyboard *usage:* *usage:* :code:<your code> *example:* :code:<section> this role .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   rescale
truth:  function   inline

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return the commit hash of this package .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  generator for the directory names .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  yield   polynomials
truth:  yield   codes

test:  calculate memory index of memory at the end of the sequence .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  for routines that return an integer value .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  coordinate   rendering
truth:  coordinate   routines

test:  run the process .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  creates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  generates   blocks
truth:  generates   representation

test:  infer the type if type is a list-like .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  look   teardown
truth:  look   type

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  create a switchport object - create a gui .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  returns true if child element is in child .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  detect   uncheck
truth:  detect   element

test:  generate a networkx graph g for text .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   been
truth:  generate   format

test:  read lines from c to a text file and return a unicode string .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   takes
truth:  copy   stream

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   enumerator_list
truth:  create   confirmation

test:  generate a entropy function from the given lane and mask .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   blend
truth:  generates   mask

test:  print detail and show detail .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  process   capturing
truth:  process   error

test:  create a loop that returns a l{deferred} if it returns a single loop .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  call   cie
truth:  call   predicate

test:  run pep8 from a source .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  delete a forum .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  this function is for making sure that an re exists .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  migrate   responds
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of all the users on the source .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  parse a content-type and return a tuple header .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  attempt to check if array is a minimal bsgs bsgs .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  show details about a hypervisor .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   revoked
truth:  display   details

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  extract list of sentences from a given string of strings .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  ensure as a fault is apphosting .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  pulls   errors
truth:  pulls   idea

test:  parses the given uri uri into an respective uri portion of the fetching describing the iisparameters components .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   trimmed
truth:  parse   uri

test:  returns the hash of a given key as defined in the range .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  encrypt   listen
truth:  encrypt   key

test:  wraps a single method so it performs a few epochs .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  parse the url to a list .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an annotated sentences .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on the system .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sample from a list of db_string defined by their even components .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  sample   initialise
truth:  sample   layers

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  encode a string to a list .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  encode   bench
truth:  encode   value

test:  a helper function which handles non-ascii values .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  is   register
truth:  is   wrapper

test:  run web browser .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   equate
truth:  run   browser

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   tear
truth:  find   module

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   colorized
truth:  adds   context

test:  forces the given unicode string into one .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  remove all values of x and database .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  perform   tokens
truth:  perform   union

test:  transform hex color to hex color format args: hex string in hex form : the new lxmls format in little encoding .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  yields event data over the input and returns a tuple of fastq objects .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  returns a list of country level from a phone level .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  check for roundtrip .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  recursively find a path to all python packages .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all metadata backup tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  pulls   -
truth:  pulls   mocks

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   collects
truth:  get   count

test:  call a function which returns a hard-link .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  return the name of the current adapter and ip addresses .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the displayname to use .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  is x a scalar to be a l{scipy .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  test   added
truth:  test   p

test:  gets a query from a cached query as a dict .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  separate upon the entity or bubbles associated with the given entity .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  computes   rotate
truth:  computes   loading

test:  split and pages into .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  parses   teardown
truth:  parses   type

test:  it should only accepts tags .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  having   fixed
truth:  having   scenario

test:  send an email to the included status .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  remove duplicate text from kb .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  removing   preload
truth:  removing   content

test:  check if microsoft is a category .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds a dictionary of parameters to send in a template query to the order of a dictionary .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   executed
truth:  builds   dictionary

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  parse arguments to generate .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  returns a single blast record object with a jpg class .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  return the first field in a serialized form .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get vector3 by dictionary .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply migrations for node not previously present node .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  migrate   serves
truth:  migrate   roles

test:  encode a string as xml or unicode object into a python object .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  store the returned module to prepend to the specific though .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  endpoint - list psql .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  the fvwi from an fvwi of fvwi .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  test glcontext raised by their entity .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  result   annoy
truth:  result   rank

test:  gets the list of exploration ids of a given exploration id .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  gets   controls
truth:  gets   ids

test:  test match_template .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   shut
truth:  test   checker

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   producing
truth:  takes   certificate

test:  tests that the path is accepts node that differ between the current point and the polar cache is all of its current point .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  mark   expected
truth:  mark   stack

test:  convenience decorator to retrieve a function registry if he is not available .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  injects   encapsulate
truth:  injects   instance

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  gets a increment chart by a string .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the filesystem name of the filesystem .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  return   forgets
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  clones current controller .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  clones   knapsack
truth:  clones   request

test:  only start the location of a line .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  get   github
truth:  get   frame

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   hydrate
truth:  return   core

test:  add a trace or apiproxy_stub_map representation to the given unittests object .
truth: add tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  test   inf
truth:  test   download

test:  custom method to escape characters in a single space .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  common code to change a users gecos information cli example: .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 16-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  create a dictionary of field names for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  extracts   executed
truth:  extracts   dictionary

test:  attach cd to an instance of vm and return the cd .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   maxheap
truth:  create   vbd

test:  checking the error code returned by the last argument .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  returns a tagged description string .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dictionary of dictlist and returns a tuple with the data for the requested dictlist .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  convert   leaves
truth:  convert   dictionaries

test:  setup the tikteck light platform .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   evpn
truth:  get   schema

test:  asserts a condition is true .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  assert   dictionary
truth:  assert   condition

test:  fade out any currently playing music and send currently playing .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  fade   pulls
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get the directory for the directory for the given container .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  convert a string into a tuple of strings .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  given   blocks
truth:  given   representation

test:  this is a fake list of dicts to change their embedded files on all files .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   acquires
truth:  test   pep8

test:  deletes a scheduled job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  deletes   uploading
truth:  deletes   job

test:  returns a list of single together along the given step .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  create   sympy
truth:  create   slice

test:  print the estate manor stats stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  returns the arithmetic mean for count items in the specified album .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  return the information for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns a string representing a phone number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  create an lvm lvm lvm .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  return symmetric but equal to new order .
truth: return base . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  environment to build a environment variables .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  build   unquoting
truth:  build   environment

test:  return all the empty variables .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  transform a document name to a string .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  like string .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  evaluate a python object .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  start an event on an instance action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   rescales
truth:  start   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  binary deceptive function from : 2d array .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create api-version specific sql table tables to specify properly only .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  poi restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  remove refct pairs from cross .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  remove   scans
truth:  remove   pairs

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple with versioninfo being versioninfo .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  directory default: .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   authorizes
truth:  get   command

test:  a generator to validate whether the list of scheduler are set .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  validates   hits
truth:  validates   filter

test:  adds a user to a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  exemplify demo .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  run   resolving
truth:  run   defaults

test:  returns link-local solicited-node multicast address for given address .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  return true if target is newer than respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   coupling
truth:  return   target

test:  flush the logger and flushes of every channels that are currently buffered .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  send   prioritized
truth:  send   messages

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  return the hierarchical of distributions .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  chooses   bench
truth:  chooses   value

test:  compute the diagonal of a monomial .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  multiply   export
truth:  multiply   tuple

test:  prints all of the timeseries names available .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  query   constructed
truth:  query   timeseries

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  validate a mapping of a boolean mapping .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  get the path of a directory .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  echo calls to a class and methods .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  recursively apply a single dimension to the shape .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  unpack   restrict
truth:  unpack   array

test:  delete an imagemember object .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  primitive content and the primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   preload
truth:  compute   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  this creates a url for a block .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  url   dictate
truth:  url   studio

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given op .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  adds   incoming
truth:  adds   op

test:  formats a list of acl acl into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  returns   be
truth:  returns   acl

test:  imports the given path from a module .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  returns github api url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  update doctype records .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  create   rows
truth:  create   indexes

test:  decorator for view function .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  sort otu table by ascending sample ids parameters field : list of sample ids to sort by number of sample ids .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   bounds
truth:  sort   table

test:  return true if all targets in config .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  returns   coupling
truth:  returns   target

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets metric by name from list in this module .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a random string .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  lets   pulls
truth:  lets   null

test:  returns the gaussian density function of xx and y under the given position/momentum .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  register a new decorator to be a mandatory object .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  store   crack
truth:  store   _

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  validates a string as per months .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  checks   contributed
truth:  checks   t

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  look up an ubuntu module for the given module and a serial tag .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  not all of pyobjc and python understand unicode paths very well yet .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  test extract_array utility function .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  dry helper to pull a remote branch .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  return   domain
truth:  return   fetch

test:  this is provided extension to actstream_settings[manager] the __path__ base64 encoded and returns an array of strings contained on the provided request object .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  get   extension

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  a decorator that asserts that the user is logged in .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  gets the number of popen related to a phonenumber object .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get private key alternative for a csr .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  list commands on a single task .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  pulls   transliterate
truth:  pulls   variable

test:  returns a list of all child nodes of the node nodes .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  this function is used to figure out to the first integer amount of the string .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  pad   renders
truth:  pad   series

test:  returns the percentage for a set of numbers .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  render the redirection login page .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  construct   access
truth:  construct   url

test:  assign line to down:appname .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  slice   truncates
truth:  slice   assignment

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  calculate the crange byte matrix .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  show a single diff of a tree .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  show   logged
truth:  show   dialog

test:  validate a list of lists .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a post request to the specified doc for an absolute will send the container .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  t filter parameters west : ndarray .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  load taxonomy filepaths from a file .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   r^2
truth:  read   form

test:  return the first pair in a string that contains any comma .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  wrapper around none .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fudge headers .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  alter   stubbed
truth:  alter   headers

test:  turn the input array into a numpy array .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   receives
truth:  enable   port

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  formats a matrix to a sparse matrix for matrices .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  create a fake volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  return a list of sql statements that have been sql .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  validate that a string is a valid email .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validate   text
truth:  validate   username

test:  iterate over a raf file .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  generate a timezone-agnostic function .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  converts a quadratic as a cubic number to a cubic approximation .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a named tuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   flask
truth:  return   times

test:  parses keys and ignore a string to a list of values .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  split   redash
truth:  split   hive

test:  disconnect a service instance from the minion .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  clone a linode plan from a linode .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   pulls
truth:  clone   null

test:  issue a flash message to the given category .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  read   wrapping
truth:  read   handle

test:  this function patches the class to each combination of the flags that has an episode .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  transforms specified entities in the given html as the type that referenced by the given name .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  transforms   redirecting
truth:  transforms   entity

test:  escape a json string that handles url .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  escape   scanned
truth:  escape   dumps

test:  create a managed ports from a specified instance group with the given zone .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test querying metadata on deactivated cache .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  walk through all key/value pairs in the given package and add the absolute path to the absolute path .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  return   resample
truth:  return   directories

test:  jsonschema global configuration from a recording config .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  if input is present .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  provides   sparsedataset
truth:  provides   indices

test:  print and ip address .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   flattens
truth:  print   output

test:  load a list of tuples from the given path path .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  computes the hcluster distance between the normal features and the vector of the elementnode .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  get the number of available chapter .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   unpublicizes
truth:  release   description

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  move   mounted
truth:  move   end

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  stops cassandra engine .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   pulls
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns even if cache has no durations durations .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  returns   serializing
truth:  returns   setting

test:  just prevent any duplicated to the directory .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  quote a url including any / .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  extract only version info from the current working directory .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   extract
truth:  extract   version

test:  delete the given image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  see if documentation that have idle .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  change the map of all account names .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  parse a response and parse the response response .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   summarize
truth:  instantiates   zeros

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   executed
truth:  filter   dictionary

test:  retrieve a specific places class instance from the provided check .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  escape a string that escapes extra values .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   combines
truth:  create   campaign

test:  install all assets tests .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  install   proxying
truth:  install   assets

test:  test if full text is not implemented by non kwarg and true if it is and true otherwise return false .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  test   dos
truth:  test   search

test:  create a mock index from a model .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  create   usage_key_string
truth:  create   view

test:  if the path does not have mount to the switch .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of credit providers .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  make a backup from the given source for the given source .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  generate a key pair then 2048 .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  simple task to register a program for a multiindex process .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unblock   allocate
truth:  unblock   user

test:  this will verify the contents of the block through variable .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filter   bartels
truth:  filter   contents

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  remove a fake project to be overwritten in the according tests .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  check that the supplied value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test that tax tax children when order and taxes taxes .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   fetches
truth:  test   parent

test:  logs and return a even if found .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  function   ssl
truth:  function   errors

test:  returns a path to the directory where the installed python file are stored .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  get the middle segment between two points from the segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  takes a string and returns the url as a dictionary .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  replaces   shared
truth:  replaces   string

test:  create an open file by name .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add the value of the line with specified name .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  add   small_stmts
truth:  add   line

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  main program for combining fasta filepath qual_fp: filepath qual_fp: filepath output_dir: mapping filepath output_dir: output directory of primer output filepath tree_subset: if true .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter template path .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   profile
truth:  creates   theme

test:  get a list of best configuration file names to use with the device .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  when creating a function f .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  validate deletion .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  run   supports
truth:  run   text

test:  writes an array to a file object .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  tests the creation and fnupickle to see if the user is a single view .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  unlinks a sparse matrix .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  callback used by pyyaml when a "!pkl:" tag is encountered .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  get the harris points of the source space based on harrisim .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  parse a percent or float .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  returns true if the value is devisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the path in root and extension .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get number rounded to a number .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  get the name of the process used by a given pid .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  get   snaps
truth:  get   pid

test:  get the name of the module attribute specified by the passed name .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the path of a pathname .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  safely encode a string or :class:multidict string as an integer or an integer .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  function   unescape
truth:  function   validate

test:  create and return a link to the node .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  make   looping
truth:  make   node

test:  return the laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  remove a suffix from a suffix .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the first opened where the first elements in a tensor .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  format the stack trace .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  format   expected
truth:  format   stack

test:  this function will return the current platform .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  returns   emits
truth:  returns   definition

test:  attach a backing device(s) to all available corpus to the specified driver .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   spawn
truth:  attach   devices

test:  only load as pkg on freebsd and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   guesses
truth:  load   pkg

test:  convert text into an rcode .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  set the given properties on a project and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  pulls   ssh
truth:  pulls   swap

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return a list of tuples from a serializable .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  tests packagefinder prefers exclusive .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of the names of all unique libraries supported by the specified libraries .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  list an image cli examples: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  makes a wrapper method to the api .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  provides   downgrades
truth:  provides   point

test:  global function to convert b to packed .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  given   standardizes
truth:  given   byte

test:  method to create new provided files in a temporary directory .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a string of bytes .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  given a path to a resource path .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  tries   tear
truth:  tries   module

test:  delete server .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  deletes   allocate
truth:  deletes   user

test:  creates a sol form from a sql server .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  redirect to the current url .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  redirect   labeled
truth:  redirect   file

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes or unicode .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   define
truth:  compute   path

test:  open the git chapter .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  opens   generate
truth:  opens   users

test:  convert a list of files to a flat dictionary .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  compute a definite fisher matrix from 16-bytes to compute a continued matrix .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  get the list of megacycles used by the user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  convert a path to a dotted egg file .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  set the shortcut associated with a shortcut .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  get a datetime object from the given zone .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  given   suggests
truth:  given   timezone

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  module home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  generates the appropriate label map from the bokeh group .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  generate a random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  generates   emitting
truth:  generates   character

test:  delete orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  clean   borrowed
truth:  clean   instances

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  tests that get_readable_fileobj never be zero .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  evaluate each row of data points .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into json .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  converts an integer to a base string .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  interpret   shared
truth:  interpret   string

test:  utility function to generates a sequence of sequences and generate a relational_expression .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   sent
truth:  generate   bunch

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns a docker-py representation of the databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or *divisor* .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   enroll
truth:  exhausts   iterator

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  calculate mavg for each element of x and y in x .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  creates dict of bug-reports .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  test freezing a bazaar checkout .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  test   middleware
truth:  test   clone

test:  summary line to a single snapshot .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   tile
truth:  dumps   information

test:  save data from a user against the course registration code .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  turn a n-d tensor or a 2d tensor with the new shape and the batches instead of the new value on a list .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  invoke the given password on the minion .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  like   processing
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  only load if the current module is available .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  validate and format the iterables dictionary to a valid iterables .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  raise   constant_expression_opt
truth:  raise   iterables

test:  get the service entry for a given host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   press
truth:  get   hostname

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  compact function .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  load the basic bindings bindings .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  pulls   resizing
truth:  pulls   bindings

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   usage
truth:  load   rows

test:  fixes importer .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   truncate
truth:  commits   savepoint

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  launch statement and then set the sin/cos for all .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  allows   dissassociates
truth:  allows   levels

test:  extract a kind from the entity key .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  extracts   construct
truth:  extracts   kind

test:  retrieves the assembles for a category .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  context   float
truth:  context   decorator

test:  encode python code .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  returns the secret token .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  testing server processors .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  configures   colorized
truth:  configures   context

test:  export a single found .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   handles
truth:  export   site

test:  returns the version number appearing in the file in the file .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  search   labeled
truth:  search   file

test:  read a string table from the shared xml .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   gauss
truth:  read   strings

test:  get a datastore list from the database .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  validates that a string argument is valid and can be represented by the error level .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  check   search
truth:  check   d

test:  validates that value is a positive integer or none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  select an instance of a path based on its value .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  select   uncheck
truth:  select   element

test:  return a named host addresses available on the specified instance .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns true if the executable exists .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  decorator to require a decorator .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  requires   reallocation
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the login ip of the current machine .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  returns true if the given filepath is a string .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the feature .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  create a task with the given function .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  stretch a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  dimension   labeled
truth:  dimension   file

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  return a paths to be used as a dict .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  quote a string for the user .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a timestamps then copy between two lists of eye .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  function   switch
truth:  function   list

test:  parse authentication auth entries and return an authentication authentication authentication entries .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  parses   protects
truth:  parses   args

test:  non-recursive all the directory of a file .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  iterates   preferred
truth:  iterates   subdirectories

test:  respond to course structure which a new course code generated to new netparameter code .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  takes a list of symbol and converts them into an iterable of symbol objects .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  print the numa stats from the given numafiles .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  test plot with raw eeg memory .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  test   triggers
truth:  test   plotting

test:  parse the block request .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  process   small_stmts
truth:  process   line

test:  compute univariate polynomial of f .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  test that the status of all the views do not throw .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  pulls   routing
truth:  pulls   registry

test:  returns an html representation of a url-safe file .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  generates a path to the resource directory .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  determines the input length of a convolution given length .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  determines   confirmed
truth:  determines   length

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  elementwise exp function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  parses and verifies a cookie header with respect to utf-8 and return it as <el .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   bench
truth:  parses   value

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  compare two statuses and see if the partition is equal to the right style .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  ensure that the plugin is valid .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  checks   identifies
truth:  checks   plugin

test:  wrapper function .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  convert from cartesian to polar coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  test that get_user() function can be set correctly .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  tests   tsv
truth:  tests   components

test:  associate an prompts or patch it using a value .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check whether the course has been configured for the course .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   catch
truth:  returns   course

test:  test whether the argument is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  test   utf-8
truth:  test   argument

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the currently active language its current thread .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   stretch
truth:  returns   language

test:  test that the same topic method does not raise an exception if one is not implemented .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  run each certbots certbots test suite .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  test   mocked
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting from the channel .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  instantiate a new class or a class with args .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  used   enumerates
truth:  used   protocol

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns a list of items matching a given path .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  creates   define
truth:  creates   path

test:  returns a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  a file raised keys from a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   unmap
truth:  iterates   descriptors

test:  returns the file mode that the directory to by looking for .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize the use_ssl of a substring interface .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  initialize   grouping
truth:  initialize   system

test:  gets the value for the given key in the given region .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  retrieve   unleash
truth:  retrieve   store

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  writes   attriute
truth:  writes   stdout

test:  gets the hash of a file from a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  given a document .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  list   decreases
truth:  list   documents

test:  turns a list of key/value pairs to a set of key/value pairs .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  rabins polynomial irreducibility in gf(p)[x] .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  calculate   cleaning
truth:  calculate   matrix

test:  generate a resource from source for simplify simplify a shell command .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  writes an existing data field .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email address .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  scrub   based
truth:  scrub   address

test:  a generator for parallel .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generate   sleep
truth:  generate   files

test:  setup the yeelight binary sensor platform .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  return a list of all available hostnames .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  compute the first dimension of a boolean array on vector parameters a : int returns boolean array .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   query
truth:  compute   position

test:  handle the given response .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   limiting
truth:  handle   order

test:  return the path of a .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   fill
truth:  return   pathname

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  emit   attribute
truth:  emit   statements

test:  set a setting for the current session .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  get releases with an releases key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  search   instanticates
truth:  search   releases

test:  return a list of nodes from a power or even if n is a power series .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   replaced
truth:  return   digits

test:  get hosts and gigabytes used by project or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  like single but decodes empty array .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return the string - used by a random number .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  check whether a certain search is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  encodes a utf-8 encoded string to utf-8 and 1s .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  formats a date according to the >= >= value .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the full configuration dictionary for a given page of environment .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  send   backported
truth:  send   handlers

test:  get a list of all sections in a single sentence .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  bind the model to the given model .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  create   filtering
truth:  create   edit

test:  export patches to summaries .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  use this decorator to write access to s3 bucket for the bucket .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the httpresponse response on every request .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  pulls   increasing
truth:  pulls   pyrax

test:  given a user id and anonymous anonymous id .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   printing
truth:  set   locale

test:  helper function to start a standard shell interface .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  setup the swiss locations .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  set   behaves
truth:  set   bom

test:  ensure that a directory exists .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get a specific backends backend .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  returns a valid package name or an event .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  returns a list of characters from a list of characters .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  get   sympy
truth:  get   slice

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   incorporate
truth:  delete   cursor

test:  get list of all available ptuple by layer .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  a simple selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  pulls   grabbing
truth:  pulls   selector

test:  convert input image to a single image .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  ensures that the named user does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   allocate
truth:  ensures   user

test:  readparser -> usmm_csc_dense .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  multiply   divides
truth:  multiply   matrices

test:  create a transform from a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  load   reduces
truth:  load   dask

test:  get the number of chunks in the __doc__ .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  logs out user and public url .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  build an appropriate error message from network .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   stores
truth:  instantiate   name

test:  returns the name for the display .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  return a list of the tag translation object .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  use   default
truth:  use   part

test:  create a temporary file .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  copy a clean graph from one file to another .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the book control for a changeset book .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator that wraps added header to get generic view .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  pulls   opening
truth:  pulls   smart_text

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda list keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  trims link to html .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  trims   string
truth:  trims   texts

test:  get the windows directory path .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  retrieves   intialize
truth:  retrieves   root

test:  return messages from database metadata .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  gets the subtitle subtitle of the given video path using the language .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  convert a given text into a list of words .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  tokenizes   supports
truth:  tokenizes   text

test:  convert the given function to an argument .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  compute   crop
truth:  compute   directory

test:  => => x remove join() when only one element is joined .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  initialize a __init__ file descriptor .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   boot
truth:  parse   dot

test:  function to shutdown a port interface via windows .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  returns true for an xml report .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  find   uncheck
truth:  find   element

test:  simple penn response .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  displays   evpn
truth:  displays   schema

test:  ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of images or failure of image .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   forwards
truth:  ensure   image

test:  helper function to resolve relative url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  resolve   access
truth:  resolve   url

test:  tuple of tuples .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  remove   query
truth:  remove   position

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  exponential linear unit function .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove special folders from the system .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  function decorator to be called prior to catch the module .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   skills
truth:  fetches   track

test:  generate the javascript map for each policy y .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  validate a locale .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  make   printing
truth:  make   locale

test:  check if x is in list and remove distributions .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  handle lists/arrays of each item in a dataset .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  flip   sparsedataset
truth:  flip   indices

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  returns the identity identity for the given user object .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require several conda packages .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  run   calculate
truth:  run   windows

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension extensions .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  checking for checking if theres with diskspace space or fetches a single diskspace .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  check and convert an strings to a time zone coordinates .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  decrypt a code to the given code .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  returns   httperror
truth:  returns   digit

test:  a decorator factory to create a build-discarder for select() .
truth: like @property . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get vote and undo from a course structure .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the chordal cycle of the chordal graph .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete logged in reverse by setting the number of cookies to a cookie .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  delete   unenroll
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   were
truth:  gets   property

test:  callback for an object requests .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  runs   bounds
truth:  runs   table

test:  example uptime from show ios: twb-sf-881 uptime is 14 weeks .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   shared
truth:  obtain   string

test:  get a server by name .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  this ensures that the certificate is marked as a valid certificate lineage .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  serialization wrapper for decoding not serializable by serializing code .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   bootstraps
truth:  serializes   callable

test:  extract a zip zip member from a file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  extract   blink
truth:  extract   zip

test:  ensure that the named dns is absent name the unique to remove in the login .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   restart
truth:  ensure   account

test:  parses a mapping file and returns a dictionary of functionannotation objects .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   presents
truth:  parse   mapping

test:  simulates the entire test module .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  transform the vector3 matrix by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   rescue
truth:  transform   vector3

test:  converts unicode to unicode .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  list all password on the account .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   protect
truth:  list   ips

test:  ensure that a grain is absent .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   be
truth:  ensure   acl

test:  test the model into a model component .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  try   regenerate
truth:  try   nltk

test:  assemble a module to a module .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  assemble   labeled
truth:  assemble   file

test:  sobel on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  pulls   pack
truth:  pulls   edge

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple containing the supplied input and the message quopri .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  check the memoryerrors status code and convert it to __namespace__ .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  test a mock json object .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  returns the instance metadata for the specified instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   post_save
truth:  returns   metadata

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the percentage of an iterable field .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  drop stray directories .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   resample
truth:  drop   directories

test:  aux function .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  strip comments comments from a string or comments .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  return   iterates
truth:  return   comment

test:  get an esxi firewall so it will pick up any changes .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  show   finalize
truth:  show   firewall

test:  get the default format field of a variable .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  utility to run the python script on a system .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  creates a single array of test_something(): .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  pulls   landing
truth:  pulls   sum

test:  helper function to write all file metadata to an object .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a new .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  make sure hosts defined in @roles .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   prefilled
truth:  make   hosts

test:  clip object from an ascii buffer .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  create an expression with the 3d rectangle in order and right side .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  returns   descend
truth:  returns   edges

test:  modify complete section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   alignment
truth:  modify   section

test:  return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  transform unconstrained parameters n : list of raw numbers in likelihood note: this will be the number of vector to compute the vector .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  transform   offset
truth:  transform   parameters

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  return program path to installed extensions .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  print a new partial information for the args and g .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  function   roundrobin
truth:  function   application

test:  checks if the given language is a valid locale language .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  helper for concrete implementations classes or method resolution order .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  return   limiting
truth:  return   order

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  strips matching handlers from handlers and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  strips   nose
truth:  strips   prefix

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   clearing
truth:  read   meta

test:  given an extension filename .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  renders the jinja2 archive and installs two things .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return information about the installed version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  display   populating
truth:  display   info

test:  converts a datetime .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   establish
truth:  convert   py

test:  list npm to a new project rename .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  computes the exponential exponential using poisson distribution .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  computes   intrepret
truth:  computes   pdf

test:  return an httpresponse with the data json-serialized .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  get the shared shared memory .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  allocate   squares
truth:  allocate   percent

test:  return the specified milestones of the namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  given a pivoting .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  calculate style loss between style_image and target_image .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  calculate   negotiate
truth:  calculate   loss

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient methods that are active .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  memoize   float
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  a order order factory for the tool tool .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  provide   enhanced
truth:  provide   object

test:  converts the exception api that will try to a response .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  return a mask which is missing or our numeric mask .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  try to dump a single node .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  returns   document
truth:  returns   brackets

test:  parse the code snippet from a code snippet .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  reorder unifrac on following connections .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  read yamlify head position parameters shape : string shape file to be rel/bit-packed list of head shape file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   overwrites
truth:  read   shape

test:  get a string with bytes from string to a size in raw .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  print msg and optionally exit with an error code .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  dump   extended
truth:  dump   exit

test:  yields all nodes of the dictionaries n .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compares the value of the initialized configuration from the same config as the data_dir .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  searches   deflate
truth:  searches   config

test:  returns an approximate graph of the graph g from source to a given value .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  search   looping
truth:  search   node

test:  custom page .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  like locatefilename .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   expression_opt
truth:  test   astropy

test:  check if a given get is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  makes an openid request to the auth token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  returns true if uris uris can be used to get the sympifiable uri .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test general boolean depending on the boolean and fill_value .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  akaike information criterion or schwarz criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  return html text .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  markdown   hits
truth:  markdown   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  adds a message with the warning level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  executes a function and return gracefully .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  logs   unbinds
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  hosts the existing kernel spec and the aspects kernel .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  expands   simulate
truth:  expands   spec

test:  delete all server from spacewalk cli example: .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   review
truth:  delete   keys

test:  return xprotect_reports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return the reconstructions is active when the path is reconstructions .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  adds a new error handling and a message to the response .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  add   polynomials
truth:  add   codes

test:  ensure a specific variable is present in the given search name the name of the line to remove full [re .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  replace   borrowed
truth:  replace   instances

test:  return a socketio .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get qr from a .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  computes   grants
truth:  computes   decomposition

test:  get latex intersections for each element in x .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  return   interact
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wrapper for django .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  returns the mac address contained in a given address .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  generate   outline
truth:  generate   hex

test:  return a list of all services on the system .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  normalizes a dns rdata sequence to a given host .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  installs a specific directory to latest packages .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  searches for an album and returns an iterator over albuminfo .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   bytes
truth:  searches   album

test:  return an instance of a recarray .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  use iso to override data .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  decode a raw task body .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decodes   whiteboard
truth:  decodes   payload

test:  find the portion of the qgradient field of a gradient in the given optimizer .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decodes a unicode string .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  guess   unifies
truth:  guess   encoding

test:  cherry provides a list of commits that have summaries to commit .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  ensure that a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  generate a script from git .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generates   optimized
truth:  generates   script

test:  restart the specified service on the rest_sample .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  show the gui .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  pulls   parens
truth:  pulls   figure

test:  determine whether error should be used .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  formats a list as a list of strings .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  format   switch
truth:  format   list

test:  setup logging .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  this loads the latest application which looks like a consistent application .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse out the :class: event .
truth: given an event . 
test:  given   rescales
truth:  given   event

test:  try to simplify a cg as cg .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  simplify   assembles
truth:  simplify   coefficients

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  gets the queues of tasks .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   paginates
truth:  list   queues

test:  send a notification about a chain_path .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   clones
truth:  send   server

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   decide
truth:  change   groups

test:  returns the given html with all values stripped .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  verify that the specified python is installed with the given python string to be installed .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   flip
truth:  verify   python

test:  compute a dataframe on a pandas potential dataframe .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  join   flip
truth:  join   python

test:  gets data from a datastore if it does not exist .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the strategy to use for a resource .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  send signal from github to previous api .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  processes   extract
truth:  processes   version

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   understemmed
truth:  compare   results

test:  reads the new secret from the keyczar keyczar secrets representation and returns the keyczar keyczar keyczar secrets subdir .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  writes   bench
truth:  writes   value

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the master and return a list of file names .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   tend
truth:  return   chunk

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration semi .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a phyloxml file into a string and return the string obtained by the parsing parser .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  estimate the internal mean quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the number of spaces .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return the html date blocks from the given user .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  return   multivariate
truth:  return   blocks

test:  checks barcodes of a duplicates for duplicates .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decorator to get a function to invoke accessible as an apiproxystub object .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  add   flip
truth:  add   python

test:  read the tag data of a sequence of arch matlab file and return as numpy array .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return a path to the file for the given attachment file .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create a complete django module from the given module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  makes   compiles
truth:  makes   suite

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  write a list of debug data .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  returns true if host is enabled for this site .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  trim list of single string in this package .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  trims   summarize
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  add a local path to the local local path .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  check if the path does not support for one or more patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add an application to the volume .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   roundrobin
truth:  add   application

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  writes datachars to writer .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   cutting
truth:  writes   writer

test:  get a database or [c] user object from a given user .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  check to see if a vlan exists on the host .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  when a plain datetime object has a single datetime .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  tests   initializing
truth:  tests   trigger

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  key to handle name_of_some_content_object types from pyqt4/5 .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  print   looping
truth:  print   node

test:  open a new window in a new directory .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  spawn   command
truth:  spawn   session

test:  computes the p-th power "n choose one .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  convert action to mime-type instances .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  creates   decrease
truth:  creates   action

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  test the custom completion completion option .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  returns the timezone associated with the given matplotlib timezone .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  add a slash .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  marks a specific instance as deleted .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  create a repository on the master .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  issue update statements on behalf of a relationship() which specifies post_update .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  issue   attribute
truth:  issue   statements

test:  run a dns engine and process the standard output .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  return   mixed
truth:  return   engine

test:  add a form to the creator group .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns a list of report .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns divequal .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  test column and ensure that column to theoretical is not issue to a pickle column .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  get the notification notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  mark formatted for details .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  cache   analyzes
truth:  cache   size

test:  check for checksums in the checksums u .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  extracts the set of an entrance exam to the specified status .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  iterates over genbank formatted records .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  check if a redis server is sane in redis .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  split a path into components in a visualization manner .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  split   explore
truth:  split   segments

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  logs an ip address that report have been posted to not been logged in the required state .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  ask for a color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   detects
truth:  ask   color

test:  return true if a number is a single square root of ascii .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  is   seq
truth:  is   fft

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  hashes a hash from a given string type .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return a path relative to $bindir .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  delete a file from a collection .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  flatten an bulk_data list .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   eliminates
truth:  flatten   elements

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   examines
truth:  encode   peak

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generator for integer generator recovery .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  remove the named service from the named service cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  creates appropriate database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   populates
truth:  creates   params

test:  get a store of data from uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  sort the distributions of a respect to the plot .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  sort   restoring
truth:  sort   data

test:  checks that g is a valid status for being a single ssl exception .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  validates   inverts
truth:  validates   statuses

test:  convert list to dictionary .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  get a duration value .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  check if the given path is within a dependency on the local disk .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  detects   define
truth:  detects   path

test:  add history to the history .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  indicate   rearranges
truth:  indicate   import

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  define a list of responding .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  define   wait
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  define java_library warnings .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  a post-hook for the base class .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  pulls   belong
truth:  pulls   hook

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set a list of hidden icons for the current module .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  sets   were
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect to skip tests .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  connect   extends
truth:  connect   signals

test:  gives an c s on a new covers of expr and a new value that only uses python constants .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a decorator to add a trace to the class .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  compares the rank of two things: .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  compare   reported
truth:  compare   function

test:  render a paginator .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  render   outputs
truth:  render   pages

test:  loads a file .
truth: open history . 
test:  open   remove
truth:  open   history

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  read config defaults in the file .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  plot plot lines from plot or "$" .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  only work on solaris based systems with layman installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confine   encode
truth:  confine   mac

test:  importing vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install docker docker task .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  parse a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  const_map_item : map_type | list_type | set_type .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  a module is used to get the ''else for the filename .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  returns true if minc reports and only if not .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  connect   satisfy
truth:  connect   container

test:  move file from the source to its modification .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   unlocking
truth:  move   source

test:  attempt to remove a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  check if a string is a valid ipv4 or with a single string .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns an correlation matrix to be labeled or a subset of sympifiable counts .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  compute   commits
truth:  compute   sensitivity

test:  launches a dialog for comparing a pair of about the dialog .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   xfail
truth:  launches   help

test:  fastprint text calls .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  build the sitemap for the sitemap of the sitemap .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   sleep
truth:  build   files

test:  creates protobuf type .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  system information type 7 section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  plot a single image and 2sigma the original image .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  send a traffic to the named state .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  send   rescales
truth:  send   event

test:  execute the named service as enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a top-level function of a given arguments .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  given a generic regular expression or a string that matches a generic pattern and returns a generic generic matched group .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  search   printed
truth:  search   pattern

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  dt the data of the list of records .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  creates a filename based on the given filename .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  extract the first copy of a list of strings .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  return   shed
truth:  return   exception

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   forget
truth:  returns   inverse

test:  wraps a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  parse a uri given by a uri into mapping .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get original items for original .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  add faces from a triangle aws_cf_simple dictionary .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  rgb to rgb cie color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  transform   pulls
truth:  transform   null

test:  return the notification docker image for an image .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  given   deactivate
truth:  given   glance

test:  simple html form .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  a demonstration of the script .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   bring
truth:  stream   page

test:  validates a program and return true if program is on it .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  convert int_or_tuple to resulting name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  returns true iff path is an iterable of xpath .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  pulls   rewrites
truth:  pulls   xpath

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  gives the meeting that accounts on the user .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  sets   rect
truth:  sets   work

test:  return the reciprocal of data x .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  return   mutate
truth:  return   column

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  test the substring twice .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  get the last module name of a source file .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  retrieve   removing
truth:  retrieve   parse

test:  create a list of functions with the same arguments .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   attempt
truth:  split   extension

test:  ask the input data to create a new file or compiled modified files .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  waits for a volume to be associated with a status operation .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string with a given number of characters .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  return 18 templates .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   derive
truth:  return   templates

test:  create the current stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get telemetry data for the first day or the settings .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  add items to the db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get task status .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  view   located
truth:  view   method

test:  retrieve metadata for an individual speed .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  returns a model object from the given app label .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns scalar elements of the input list .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all specification for specified qos specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  renders markdown text to html .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  given   surround
truth:  given   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  quote unicode entities and convert to unicode .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  format a timestamp for a debugging formatted date format .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  transform individual index definition to index definition .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   emits
truth:  transform   definition

test:  fetches information of a certain security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   tile
truth:  fetches   information

test:  fetches a valid exploration ids for the given user and exploration .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup errnames for using the provided engine .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale and their corresponding values for dob filter .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  uploads the user to the rsync remote .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  uploads   forgot
truth:  uploads   project

test:  gets the cloud credentials from the token .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  get   skipped
truth:  get   use

test:  create a service options .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  run the wx event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  sends message to admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  regression test for #1181 .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  get a version based on executable .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  grab   extract
truth:  grab   version

test:  return the list of distrodef from an installed power type .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  push notification for the course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  checks if a file exists .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  run runner .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  apply a acoustid to a dict of global and apply the metadata for each item in the dict .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  apply   post_save
truth:  apply   metadata

test:  filelinks: calling _repr_html_ functions as recursive test functions .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  check if program exists up to work with a earningsestimatesloader .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  construct a dataset s with the code that can be imported to any code in the data that may contain a new data .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  creates   debugging
truth:  creates   dataset

test:  gets information about the certificate .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of the data for all the given job .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  x is n*m matrix if constant is n*m and if the feature sum of x and class is imposed .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  create   iterator
truth:  create   kernel

test:  return default format details of a template .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  descend   restoring
truth:  descend   data

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  verify that the supplied length name is a valid python name .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   guessing
truth:  destroy   namespace

test:  ensures that the specified video can be plotly .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   demonstrates
truth:  ensure   setup

test:  returns the set of all registered applicable .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  pulls   waitfordeferred
truth:  pulls   monkey

test:  iterate map values by protobuf into a dictionary .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  map   reported
truth:  map   function

test:  add workers table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  given a project activity .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read a dict .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   drops
truth:  wrap   call

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  pulls   removing
truth:  pulls   parse

test:  performs metagenomeseqs css files on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  return the environment to the correct notification driver .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  returns   translates
truth:  returns   flags

test:  sample up to seconds from string .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  filter   reported
truth:  filter   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  call the cloud api and then split the first argument to make it usable in the session .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  required   server_root
truth:  required   opts

test:  push an image to the named addons .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  push   forwards
truth:  push   image

test:  initialize the specified interface .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialise   bounds
truth:  initialise   table

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  function to return the list of active question in a question .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  get   target_expressing
truth:  get   question

test:  pop a sequence of arguments into stack" section of an entry dtrace probe .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   instantiate
truth:  composes   arguments

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   bench
truth:  skip   value

test:  returns true if the django configuration is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  check   format_alignment
truth:  check   authentication

test:  provide the user for a group .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  prompts   allocate
truth:  prompts   user

test:  transpose text and handle all chars that are constants and #9 .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  emulate   preprocessing
truth:  emulate   char

test:  get the linux distribution .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  test pick with channels .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  setup scenario switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  add   fixed
truth:  add   scenario

test:  iterates over edges in breadth-first-search from source .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  warning list of available projects .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  format a string representation of the content according to the standard format .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  insert   assume
truth:  insert   header

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  get all instances belonging to a consistency .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   borrowed
truth:  get   instances

test:  depth first search path from a search .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  depth   dos
truth:  depth   search

test:  delete an entry from the cachedir cachedir .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  changes   populating
truth:  changes   info

test:  return wanna list of wanna .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   determine
truth:  get   projects

test:  converts string to unicode and unicode .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return the current connected for a given file descriptor .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  determines   downloading
truth:  determines   package

test:  stop the home assistant server .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  find and return its line at the end of points .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  yields chunks of data from location .
truth: given a location . 
test:  given   widening
truth:  given   location

test:  add orbits for the extruder off .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  stop service via s6 .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  run a keypress keypress keypress on given entity .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  map   specifies
truth:  map   methods

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  generate   forbid
truth:  generate   options

test:  expands arguments to new .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  get whether the user is qurl or not .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  command name auto-correct .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  command   twitter
truth:  command   auto

test:  rheader for facilities @todo: record .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  activate a theme based on the current request .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  returns the default float type .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  parse   decoding
truth:  parse   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  helper function to extract and return a dictionary of instance .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  given   xlsx
truth:  given   query

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  copied from containerbroker before the x_container_sync_point[12] columns were added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforexsync .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   unblock
truth:  copied   swift

test:  i have sent an email with the following in the body: name: mr .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  find a string where the elements of trie that match a trie .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  modify the hostname to detect pretty characters in a hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all modules .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   stores
truth:  loads   name

test:  tests whether a string is a valid url .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  function   xlsx
truth:  function   query

test:  wraps a function to sys .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  log   unbinds
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  prints a dns traceback and returns a tuple of .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  coach api endpoint on ccx courses .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  manage   progress
truth:  manage   enrollment

test:  mangle the byte names and types .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  mangle   teardown
truth:  mangle   type

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   doctest
truth:  compute   remainder

test:  get all apps of python listing for cache .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   spawns
truth:  ensure   endpoint

test:  send message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  validates the metadata of a function .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  ensures   transliterate
truth:  ensures   variable

test:  decorator to use a reader db context manager .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  plot the text metrics with legend .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   sift
truth:  plot   metric

test:  given a course_key .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  mysql the byte string to mysql .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  runs the virtual machine on the local machine .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  fetches   stores
truth:  fetches   name

test:  wait for onlyif to become a package .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  generate a random number generator .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  compute the truncated erfinv function of the erfinv .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   stubbed
truth:  learns   headers

test:  return a list of annotations on the system .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  retrieve the aff4 indexes and objects filtered to statistical model .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  help   obj
truth:  help   filters

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  generate the package names .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  convert a dictionary of json serializable by a string .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  returns   minpoly(add
truth:  returns   words

test:  remove single root substrings of a single socket .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  handle   asarray
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders fields in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   masks
truth:  renders   jinja2

test:  avoid duplicating page param in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   deal
truth:  avoid   param

test:  given a course id or a course enrollment .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  gets a filename from the given path .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  filename   wanted
truth:  filename   filename

test:  args tid: thread id data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  return a list of in an httplib2 .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  it should extract the first scenario tags from the feature .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  transforms bytes or byte into a byte string .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  return paths of paths - ignore the overly path - modulo of the input stream - the file - ignore .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  use   rasied
truth:  use   ctypes

test:  facing two paths of files .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  get a windows network with the the the the name of the network .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  gets   killed
truth:  gets   network

test:  make sure we dont crash if a show level .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  test   storing
truth:  test   template

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  run all tests .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  render a jinja environment with a jinja environment .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  evaluate   result
truth:  evaluate   recipe

test:  converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  a path for previously downloaded file with a cache .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  if a sequence of characters .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   place
truth:  view   generator

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   sympy
truth:  returns   slice

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  return a list of all configured security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  creates a new l2 service .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  change transaction primary address for email address typically list .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  change   based
truth:  change   address

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf1 .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  make a merge string into a message .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  formatting   unbinds
truth:  formatting   exceptions

test:  marks the bokeh references as deprecated .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  return a list of absolute paths with the given files removed .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  plot error for each observation in url-safe .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   capturing
truth:  plot   error

test:  check the recursively of all the pairs .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  reduces   lstrip
truth:  reduces   set

test:  the default interface for the application .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  get all volumes belonging to a generic volume group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  when a circuittermination has been modified .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  archive   pulls
truth:  archive   null

test:  convert cutoff .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  returns the maximum casting for the highest limit .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  restore a resource to a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  attempt to authenticate to a client configuration object .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   unload
truth:  get   client

test:  group dataframe parameters index : int .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  computes   regressiont
truth:  computes   index

test:  returns the messages and delete the session for the current request .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  get   prioritized
truth:  get   messages

test:  sends an email using nflgame .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   equalize
truth:  sends   email

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this tamper script works
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  initialize the parsing dictionary mapping file .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  importing   pulls
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve login url of an login url .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  gets   access
truth:  gets   url

test:  truncate a value .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  truncates   pulls
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  transposes   providing
truth:  transposes   tensor

test:  puts() should print unicode output without a stream output .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize a finder against a finder .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   rank
truth:  display   finder

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  decorator to ensure that an api singleton middleware handles a repository defined by the auth function .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  format an open exclusive exclusive in the format that are suitable for this platform .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  get the number of consulting center x list .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  creates the country codes from the user and return the country codes .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  returns the number of ring of the graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  defines   base64
truth:  defines   ring

test:  redirect to a message with a message .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  redirects   pulls
truth:  redirects   null

test:  send a message to the postgres server .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  add a path to the graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a matrix by replacing all zeros with the dot product of a int_0^oo root matrix .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  pulls   registers
truth:  pulls   product

test:  download the available invoice file from the invoice number against the invoice invoice website .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   intrepret
truth:  download   pdf

test:  create an matlab configuration from a configuration stanza .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  creates   fixes
truth:  creates   manager

test:  parse the option to a list of options .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  returns a detailed state of the current package available for a named package cli example: .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  basic pair of untrusted strings .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replaces   drawing
truth:  replaces   tags

test:  strips all field values from a ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  generate a naive datetime from a datetime .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  generating   pulls
truth:  generating   null

test:  calculate the md5sum of a file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  make a general nxm field .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  make   inform
truth:  make   entry

test:  associate qos_specs with specified qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   teardown
truth:  associate   type

test:  convert cartesian coordinates to spherical cart .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   launch
truth:  convert   coordinates

test:  transliterate the input string to ascii bytes .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  change   flashes
truth:  change   characters

test:  register the new plugin .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  parse a mkd specification or pwd request .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  parses a cost cost .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   pre
truth:  parses   equation

test:  test cloning a git repository .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  test   unparsing
truth:  test   git

test:  test clean up related only to chaikin .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given model object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   throw
truth:  adds   x

test:  compute the unitary .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  pulls   skip
truth:  pulls   difference

test:  helper function to create an index in a viewfinder location .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   banned
truth:  create   children

test:  returns the string to a human-readable error to retrieve the error to .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  returns a list of urls that represent the containers and new urls for each listing .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get namespaces .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   guessing
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  retrieve a comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  dispatches   decrease
truth:  dispatches   action

test:  return the current root directory .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  install a sphinx application .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  the python 3 but doesnt even if the process ends with the given name .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  compile   bench
truth:  compile   value

test:  get solid geometryoutput by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  convert the immutable parts of a timeseries .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  get list of available identifiers based on a specific vm .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  retrieve   hostname
truth:  retrieve   vm

test:  return full absolute path relative to $bindir .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  ensure that the doctest for a doctest special function .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  return whether a given value exists cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  fetch google from google cloud storage api .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   dos
truth:  fetch   search

test:  clean up files .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  remove   extension

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   jump
truth:  add   pixel

test:  fixes a single file from the current locations on each line .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  try   disabling
truth:  try   filenames

test:  copies the suspend .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  login view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   parsefile
truth:  get   descriptor

test:  decode a string encoded with base64 encoding .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  move community string to default values for .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  update addons+collections collections with a total total numbers .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   hooked
truth:  update   downloads

test:  check if a variable is an encrypted .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  determine   constructs
truth:  determine   lock

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  show an answer .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  matrix trace function .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  trace   cleaning
truth:  trace   matrix

test:  tests that all keys of capsys .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  extract the key from the index or fail .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in double-quoted files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  validate that the loop is valid .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  check   urlencode
truth:  check   item

test:  profile the wrapped function .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  converts s to a definiteness form .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  like timesince .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   support
truth:  calculate   time

test:  perform float data prediction using 2 layer mlp with tanh and sigmoid activations .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   zoom
truth:  classify   vectors

test:  parse the source filename and return the contents of the module .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   unlocking
truth:  parse   source

test:  convert a dictionary of attributes to a json file .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  converts   svn
truth:  converts   dicts

test:  utility function to run stem for use in python 2 .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  ensure that the container agent to be enabled to succeeded .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   reading
truth:  ensure   agent

test:  get the number of bits that are specified .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  get   linkify
truth:  get   integer

test:  execute a delfacl wrapper .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  convolutional image with the unit of a tensor with the zeros shape of a tensor with the tensor .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  add the service to the previous state .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  test unique function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  main function to run a single meta .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  test mne show current page .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   latex
truth:  test   mne

test:  return vtk objects: .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  packs a boolean property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  gets the size of a given type .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  return   given
truth:  return   register

test:  verifies that the provided response was made from the webserver .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  copy application and save an application .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  calculate docker-compose location for a dictionary of symbol .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  calculate   deployed
truth:  calculate   symbols

test:  return a permission function to cache of a user .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  caching   files
truth:  caching   check

test:  create a loopback .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  return the list of the names of the given option .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  extract the _mantissa bits from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  determine   prepopulates
truth:  determine   bits

test:  recursively set all files in directory and return files .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  finds   beginning
truth:  finds   glob

test:  test line with a line of data .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  add images to a file parameters im : string filename to be read .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  assumptions stage from invalid stage and leave leave .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  inform   allocate
truth:  inform   user

test:  converts db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test that a substring list only against a python substring .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the percentage of prime prime documents .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  converts 3d rectangular coordinates to cartesian polar coordinates .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   launch
truth:  converts   coordinates

test:  returns whether the field is an orm of a sqlalchemy model .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  returns   pushing
truth:  returns   model

test:  create a widget instance to use for the provided master .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  setup the demo binary sensor devices .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  tests that the index file and save to zero and on-disk units .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   highlights
truth:  tests   update

test:  create a users compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  move users notification from a file to another event .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  moves   l{twisted
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  put a value to the postgres server for ssl .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  test these table based on zero mean .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  reads the configuration file and return as configured by eve .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  testing the system 'silverlight' .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  returns the registry cache dictionary .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   eliminating
truth:  return   cache

test:  save a list of all remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  execute   domain
truth:  execute   fetch

test:  returns all warehouses sessions for a network device .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  returns   implement
truth:  returns   sessions

test:  test that a comment tag exists .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  split the first two numbers .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  filters out the common db .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  solve   teardown
truth:  solve   type

test:  remove headers from a response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  removes   stubbed
truth:  removes   headers

test:  simulate net .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  get a commit to the git commit .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  given   disappear
truth:  given   commit

test:  returns the filesystem model class .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  special method .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   fixes
truth:  test   manager

test:  perform 2d periodogram on an array of floats .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the number of dictionaries that will write to a file .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  replace   supports
truth:  replace   text

test:  delete a security group cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  delete   enabled
truth:  delete   nova

test:  tell worker(s) to send team_count for a topic without calling its action .
truth: hold election . 
test:  hold   pulls
truth:  hold   null

test:  test when a python virtualenv is created .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  test   mail
truth:  test   creation

test:  uninstall an upgrade client cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   registers
truth:  uninstall   product

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   stubbed
truth:  asserts   headers

test:  return the sparse matrix of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets the number of subtasks to send to the proper group .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  determines   sparks
truth:  determines   number

test:  extracts messages and their actions .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  gets   randomise
truth:  gets   message

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  resolve all items in the given destination to the given dictionary .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  generates   forgets
truth:  generates   filesystem

test:  retrieve the users password for a specific user .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  stop gradient of the tensorflow gradient .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get a list of all slave nodes .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  returns   responds
truth:  returns   database

test:  retrocompatible wrapper to check to see if the ca certs exists .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  returns the distance between any non-singleton equation .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns the rank of an array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  take   restrict
truth:  take   array

test:  set a value in the config file .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  sets   listen
truth:  sets   key

test:  add an array to the position of shape .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  return lines in line .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  add a post entry in the database .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  list all ansible belonging to a host .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   paste
truth:  list   containers

test:  helper function to convert triple color to other color .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  decorator which external loops using the decorated function .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  verifies signed user using possible details .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  verified   pulls
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if both tensors and *b* are two related to the same length of two related to the themed .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  wrap a function to decide if f is deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  indicates   reported
truth:  indicates   function

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   offset
truth:  indicates   parameters

test:  returns none on error messages according to pep client .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   was
truth:  change   uid

test:  converts the current date to a datetime instance .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  returns   known
truth:  returns   utc

test:  converts a wotan tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  delete the cors cors from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   freezing
truth:  delete   configuration

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   stripping
truth:  providing   step

test:  equate the points by the points .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  equate   algorithm
truth:  equate   points

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  registers a new admin widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   reserializes
truth:  register   widget

test:  fake version of goto .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the field name or class java .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  performs html variables whose content is filled with the given context .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  force x to be either a scalar or a list .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  finds the tool from a dictionary of parameters from their generated tool .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  retrieves a document from a json structure .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate the html to upload summary generated from the given html .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  return the file descriptor for the given filename .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  unzip   labeled
truth:  unzip   file

test:  a mock mock function to create a mock to replace the use of a mock .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  mock   reported
truth:  mock   function

test:  verify the original class name on a class .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  pulls   were
truth:  pulls   property

test:  checks the version number for the latest version .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  checks   default
truth:  checks   part

test:  delete a soft query .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  stack   port
truth:  stack   helper

test:  create multiple locator .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  convert a square matrix to vo matrices .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  returns   cover
truth:  returns   weight

test:  validate the configuration and return a bbox scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  commit a list of commits in reverse order .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  lists   mounts
truth:  lists   objects

test:  get triangle mesh from the vertexes .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return an icon for a resource from the system .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   resizes
truth:  return   icon

test:  read count 64-bit float using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  with_settings() of the two :meth: .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  pulls   supplement
truth:  pulls   synonym

test:  get the dns server for domain .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  reports observed report based on given report or prod .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  test few function to train a network script .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  format the provided option as yes/no and return a timestamp .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  only return if python-etcd is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer or 0 or 0 .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the lxc scanner .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   divide
truth:  setup   tracker

test:  given a dictionary for storing distance values .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  insures   terminate
truth:  insures   password

test:  a routine to set the input data .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  return a list of country from country calling code .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test cases: constraint .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   gated
truth:  test   wether

test:  serializes serializes points .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encodes   algorithm
truth:  encodes   points

test:  return true is job is deleted successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  create the folders .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  retrieve all attachment records .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  retrieve   substitute
truth:  retrieve   records

test:  return the approximation to xydist .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns list of shared doctype for given user .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  strips messages from a space separated list of tags .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  clean   stores
truth:  clean   name

test:  create an array with the data structure of data .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  build   usage_key_string
truth:  build   view

test:  available page if page is available .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  checks   advance
truth:  checks   title

test:  copy a file from a list to the same expression .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient methods that require authentication .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  pulls   unload
truth:  pulls   client

test:  remove all virt by cycle .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  default   deserialized
truth:  default   bridge

test:  find all variables in a template code .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  return   storing
truth:  return   template

test:  make a task that emits centered .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  move   backs
truth:  move   mean

test:  compute the inverse of the matrix .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   xor
truth:  compute   scale

test:  test to make sure that / updates are actually dimension .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  evaluates   flattens
truth:  evaluates   output

test:  fetches a list of all configured keypair for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  registers the function as a function .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  inject custom aws deploy commands .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  called   authorizes
truth:  called   command

test:  [--yes] -> int takes a set of pdb mult .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  display the commonfooter .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  returns   sampled
truth:  returns   footer

test:  copy the source file to the configured target .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   crowding
truth:  copy   docstring

test:  test when parsing fails on or lowercase will return a lowercase of child interfaces .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   failing
truth:  updates   style

test:  returns a dictionary of strings .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  read   aristas
truth:  read   titles

test:  escapes a value for use in a field .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  evaluate products with core core data structures .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  find   returned
truth:  find   numbers

test:  returns a tuple containing all of the documentation for this process .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  encode a number to the given number as a hex string .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   reviewing
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a given single role for a user to a domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  return the fused signature for the fused types .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  writes data retrieved from a url to a data structure .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  called after building the site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  returns a list of valid points together .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  compute the similarity similarity for two strings .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  return the parsing time .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $bindir .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  attempt to connect to the specified device name .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  return   igor
truth:  return   device

test:  get students metrics for the particular section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals with objects .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  skip a varint value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   confirmed
truth:  skip   length

test:  a callback for sending json data to a json string .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   aliased
truth:  callback   json

test:  return a list of resource names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  build a navigation item used for example breadcrumbs .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   compressing
truth:  build   menu

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  clean a string on a coerced coerced to a relative url .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  github   disabling
truth:  github   filenames

test:  add a matplotlib process to offsetboxes .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  surround   pulls
truth:  surround   null

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  fail to make sure that a mask are unique .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  asserts   blend
truth:  asserts   mask

test:  return acpi_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the pid of a process by its name .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  validate the internal function option .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  lookup   reported
truth:  lookup   function

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   supply
truth:  load   redis

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   inform
truth:  update   entry

test:  return 2d dict of matching matching headers .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  parses any input binary variables in input and input to the sublime that splits the inputs into .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  simplify   configured
truth:  simplify   tree

test:  get a string with a certain indent in the series/index position .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  return   optdict
truth:  return   lines

test:  converts a vif model from a network model to the proper format .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  converts   autoreleased
truth:  converts   types

test:  returns the greatest common divisor of two integers uses euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  pulls   endpoint
truth:  pulls   divisor

test:  bulk delete .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  apply   prioritized
truth:  apply   messages

test:  validate an environment variable type for a given power type .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  check   implementing
truth:  check   management

test:  get the list of callables that are inlines .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   depending
truth:  run   callables

test:  get the qual class of a score according to bins .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  finds the smallest node in the subtree .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  return a dict of existing license ids .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up masquerading .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  setup   deallocate
truth:  setup   worker

test:  return true if a version is similar to bokeh bokeh a string .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   disallow
truth:  compare   identifiers

test:  returns true if an iterable object is arbitrary .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return the qualified name of a simple interface .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  ensure an apache module is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  fixture that mocks and return the fixture fixture .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  create   alter
truth:  create   mock

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  tests whether x is a proper matrix of x and np .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  tests that the in-db specification of models are properly split the issue of the models to have different types .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   singular
truth:  include   volumes

test:  test latitude .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  helper function to compare sensitive info and includes-of-includes schema .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  register ovs modeladmin as the default modeladmin class .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yields indices of the indices that can be displayed in indices .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  get the codegen object for a python group .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a initialise .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  config   contructs
truth:  config   sample

test:  produce a ports bindings .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert any value to a 128-bit aware datetime .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  factorial of sequences .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests to make sure the view will delete a environment .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  given the device name for a specific reuse_db .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  checks facet name is not too long and matches facet names .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  generate a flash timezone .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  stop the specified container container id .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  compute a short key from a given secret .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  computes   orthoganlize
truth:  computes   hash

test:  a decorator that automatically set an attribute name .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  create   decompressed
truth:  create   proxies

test:  updates the cluster seeds of a file .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  update   shared
truth:  update   string

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   creating
truth:  create   transfer

test:  transform response data into httplib .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  flatten a list of tuples .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  create an dataset for the given number of dataset .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  returns a version-2 swift from a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  make sure bad cant compile invalid setv .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   asarray
truth:  ensure   cases

test:  returns a trace dict if component is a trace .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  compute connectivity from a region of a disk image .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  register the new plugin .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return a copy of the data .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  test fitness .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  utility to translates a single space .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a function that takes the most of the function and their status .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  the login form for a given change .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  log   entries
truth:  log   review

test:  helper for protobuf to convert a message to a message .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  find a text on the first match of the pattern .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  clear the default history .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  clears   history

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   suggest
truth:  delete   folder

test:  calculate the next graph .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  adds variable to the arg .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   spawns
truth:  add   endpoint

test:  marks markdown text as a stream .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  returns the original libzmq file .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  display the global version number .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  print   deconvolves
truth:  print   level

test:  reshape reshape of ndarrays up to respect to gmt .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert non-sequence to text file or recipe format .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  vectorize   labeled
truth:  vectorize   file

test:  alternative implementation of did not in property parameters count : array_like .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a number to julian encoded matrix .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  create an rpc for use in a url .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  signs   question
truth:  signs   blob

test:  checks if the user has access to the given change name .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  return the status cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  parse the first word lines for runtime 1 .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  remove a report from the given field for a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  remove   hits
truth:  remove   filter

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   making
truth:  bitcast   float

test:  check if http server making sure that the server can be handled .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  update config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  generate a list of events that form a list of events that are events to send .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  make a test case for every db connector which can connect .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  print the output of a unicode- and return a string .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  low-level implementation of hermite polynomials .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  define the correct initialized method .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  make   teardown
truth:  make   type

test:  change the default chprofile cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  updates a matplotlib lut after a failed db .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  change   exposes
truth:  change   values

test:  test that sampclient can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  format a filename or a postscript field from a given format .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  describe   bench
truth:  describe   value

test:  replacement for given value that use a mistral with right attribute .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  perform   roundrobin
truth:  perform   application

test:  store an unload file .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  bounding crop to previous box file rotates hosts using bounding points .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns true if the domains string is valid .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  add a package to the package .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   downloading
truth:  add   package

test:  json serializer that deals with dates .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  get a report .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  simple openerp environment variables that describes aws arguments .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  check if uri given as a uri .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  generate a dictionary of dictionaries with the given nonisomporphic .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  decode base64 and the base64 encoded data using base64 .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  setup the serial device sensors .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return kernel_modules information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns the display spec for the given spec .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  convert   representing
truth:  convert   specification

test:  find the notepad configuration option line for a given configuration .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   trailing
truth:  resets   flag

test:  convert latex text into a list of python commands .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  test plot of inverse computation .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  context manager to temporarily remove temporary directory temporary sys .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  attempt to parse an image from a url to a url .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  attempts   indicating
truth:  attempts   images

test:  simple command-line program for listing a virtual machines on a system .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  let   appending
truth:  let   thing

test:  convert a date string to a timestamp object .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  update a sm backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   enqueued
truth:  load   po

test:  convert a iso8601 datetime into a iso8601 formatted string .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  sørensen–dice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable sørensen–dice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create process running system .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  decorator to @decoratordef .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  removes the astropy content from the database .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  pulls   inputted
truth:  pulls   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  parse a blobinfo record from the supplied database .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  retrieve the repository manifest from a repository revision .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  intercepts a string or a lowercase .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  transform   batch
truth:  transform   code

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   dtype
truth:  extracts   arg

test:  tests the approximate prefixes of tokens .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  set the local power status .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  request   logout
truth:  request   change

test:  loads a user from .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  takes a steam id and returns a global formatted id :typetype :typetype .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  read count 32-bit ints using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  create the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  make sure that everything does not crash .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  transform a string to latex .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   sums
truth:  convert   expression

test:  given a path or a free disk returns false if the disk is free .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  returns   thrusting
truth:  returns   space

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return pants version .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  decorator that checks if the file is a directory .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  flip   pulls
truth:  flip   null

test:  return the actual device name for a windows dev :return: basename of just about any dev .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  merge current data into one .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  filter the table contents of the command to write the baseline newline at the end of the datestamp now .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  enter   temperature
truth:  enter   date

test:  returns a slug on a name which is unique within a models table .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  create a dictionary from the given parameters .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  strip   backup
truth:  strip   properties

test:  attach a dummy node to all tables and marker and marker by name .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  fixture to enterprise .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  configure   access
truth:  configure   url

test:  returns a string representing the xml chars .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  avoid   ssl
truth:  avoid   errors

test:  extract the token from the provided response .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  alternative implementation of a wcs .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  pulls   settings
truth:  pulls   wcs

test:  construct the data from a callable object and returns the data as a string .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   interfacing
truth:  make   axes

test:  standard deviation .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  recursively iterate over s3 .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  iterator   constant_expression_opt
truth:  iterator   iterables

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  wrapper around _format_value() .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  return the [start for this range that maps = tensors .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  creates a template form for the given tag .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  solve the inequality of a quadratic polynomial s using a continued expression .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  test performance of console_scripts .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  wrap an iterable over the errback requires that the given exceptions .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  remove a yaml table format for the given yaml string .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  we get rid of a requests for static bias .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  returns   widgets
truth:  returns   responses

test:  return a dictionary of human-readable data from the information summary output and its data .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test pip wheel fail .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  fixture that simulates a test input data and returns a temporary file object .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a text string .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  returns the maximum static files .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  ensure that the named user is present in the current environment .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  get the file paths by file name .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  retrieve kput and return response .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  put   enhanced
truth:  put   object

test:  returns the maximum value along an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  normalizes   providing
truth:  normalizes   tensor

test:  check if an object points to the same memory address than another object: .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read the special characters from a file .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  reads   multivariate
truth:  reads   blocks

test:  split patchoperations string into its component parts .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  show a list of file he .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  -   decoding
truth:  -   lists

test:  fetches a summary of overall ratings for an exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  fetches   rules
truth:  fetches   ratings

test:  return a list containing the single channel or currently active template .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  untrash view .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  waits for qos client to reach an existing show .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  folder for static pages edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  pulls   outputs
truth:  pulls   pages

test:  generator for ole .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an recordings key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  return the size of the device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns one of the units and ensures that quotation exists in ram .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  get   throttle
truth:  get   unit

test:  list all available projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  lists   determine
truth:  lists   projects

test:  destroy the provider or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  delete   unescapes
truth:  delete   rule

test:  test fit and sample using a kmeans regressor .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a box to the primary frequency .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  this function is installed to return whether or not the portage of a package .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  install an environment .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  install   solve
truth:  install   settings

test:  start the pyglet event config .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  interface to specifics file for python 2 .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  attribute deprecation objects pending handler .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  encoded string .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  return   rc4
truth:  return   utf8

test:  setup sphinx role .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  required   stays
truth:  required   sphinx

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check if variable is a theano variable .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  check   newlines
truth:  check   dimensions

test:  return the limit for the given item .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  usage   compose
truth:  usage   usage

test:  calculate the distance matrix from a 1d or gamma of distance matrix parameters vq : ndarray the distance matrix to have a gamma error .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  wrapper around patched version of patched .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  replace invalid-in-xml color by hex or raise .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  return a traceback representation of normalization normalization .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  tables can filter within a lowercase .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  get the file name of the file without the file .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  provides the binary byte between n and y .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  utility function to chunked parse action into chunks of terminals .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   tend
truth:  returns   chunk

test:  normalize the pack pack version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns a full tuple of the given features .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  setup the linux bridge sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return the pid location for the given module .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  try   snaps
truth:  try   pid

test:  return path to a directory on the system .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  clean out a string: string into a hash for the given kwargs .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  custom module to select accordingly the deallocation controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  pulls   fixes
truth:  pulls   manager

test:  insert a single column key from the metadata server .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   hitting
truth:  return   cassandra

test:  build the url for a article .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  setup the insteon enocean light platform .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  release a module-level lock for serializing access to shared data .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   deconvolves
truth:  release   level

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  associate project with key network_id .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   killed
truth:  associate   network

test:  renders a list of html page .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  system information type 17 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  remove a virtualenv .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   fail
truth:  remove   virtualenv

test:  set the default attribute of the object as an integer .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  loads data from network interface .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get all the manifest by looking for files in a given package .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  set request data into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   prioritized
truth:  sets   messages

test:  returns the mime date for a given date .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  function   temperature
truth:  function   date

test:  returns the courses and inline children children .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  pulls   titlified
truth:  pulls   discussion

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  return an iterable over the tag in the yadis xrd sorted by priority .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get aws acl based on its acl .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  a filename to merge multiple lines and sources .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  loads the module .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   downloading
truth:  load   package

test:  fetch an image from the values dictionary .
truth: grab image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  check that the dpid is not an optional dpid if a dpid contains a view-only dpid .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  bounce all nodes in the cluster .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   increase
truth:  bounce   nodes

test:  undo the current event .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  undo   pulls
truth:  undo   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  create an instance of the current qname binary format .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  returns the list of superset of column names .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  read   debugging
truth:  read   dataset

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  test if x is a covariance matrix or correlation matrix parameters x : array_like the number of intervals for which the bogus is undefined latin or function is positive .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  calculate   unshares
truth:  calculate   density

test:  translate keys to deprecated key .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  count the number of roots of a polynomial f .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  return   roots

test:  set the retcode state parameters .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   batch
truth:  set   code

test:  produce spacing with rectangular extensions for either uniform spacing or proportional spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   pulls
truth:  produce   null

test:  attempts to convert a memory to a multiplier .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  parse   store
truth:  parse   memory

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  test dimension representation .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  check the virtual service on the specified service .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  painted to a given value value or a global bar .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  to start/power on the specified virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   stderr
truth:  allocates   machine

test:  convert string to bytes .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  parse the given dict-like instance and return a keyinfo class instance for it .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a new array allocated from shared memory .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  works like :func:has_request_context but returns true if the request context is the current request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  create a grid of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   flattens
truth:  turns   output

test:  try to determine if the key exists in the current environment .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  ssh   listen
truth:  ssh   key

test:  return a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test checking class for registering class .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  pulls   mongodb
truth:  pulls   scenarios

test:  this should be overriden in a windowing environment if drawing should be done in interactive python mode .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  pulls   accessing
truth:  pulls   performance

test:  get the items in the current environment .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  recursively set all files below a given directory .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   specified
truth:  returns   fingerprint

test:  decorator for test methods access time .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  insert c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  include   imposes
truth:  include   f

test:  return a list of formatted names from the list or :mod:cupy .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  convert a string to a tuple .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  list all tags on the account .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  calculate the arma process for a number of samples parameters ar : array_like holding a single raw or array_like the number of successes in each process for each correlation matrix
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  setup the gui .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  needs   guvectorize
truth:  needs   oauth

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  public ssh to connect to an ssh server .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  changes the default style to use and theme .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  use   solve
truth:  use   settings

test:  return a list of vms .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  feature should contain scenarios scenarios to set .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  get a list of all childs .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  check if a user has a permission on a specific object .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  tell deepcopyop how to generate a single code .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the current layer tile by an image .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a measure containing the path to the zoneinfo interface .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  cache   thread
truth:  cache   zipfile

test:  move cross entropy from scalars to tensorflow tensor .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  a helper function for computing the first argument .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  only runs on linux systems .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   setting
truth:  runs   systems

test:  get all the snapshots inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  pulls   signs
truth:  pulls   display

test:  monte sample frequencies for gof currently hardcoded for a^2 only non vectorized if the feature is nan or array_like the same labels .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  run   reports
truth:  run   estimation

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  return the default directory path .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   disconnects
truth:  return   dir

test:  test stats of nan .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   alteration
truth:  test   lambda

test:  load an image file .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  get   optdict
truth:  get   lines

test:  a helper for defining define .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set new video file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   labeled
truth:  set   file

test:  build a list of lines for the user .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  invoke   pulls
truth:  invoke   null

test:  helper function to convert seconds to milliseconds .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  creates a class from a package name .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  import and return the module to be tested .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  cossim distance is the similarity metric to quantify the similarity between two probability distributions .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  return   itersubclasses
truth:  return   similarity

test:  parse an input string into a profileentry document .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  attempt to locate a file .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  tests that system folders without flags can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  removes text from the first line .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  get all registered logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  provides   code
truth:  provides   logger

test:  send emails and save requests for a specific user object .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  renders   equalize
truth:  renders   email

test:  return a valid string representation of a text .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  like :func:blackbody_nu .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  verifies   dies
truth:  verifies   selinux

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a dictionary of tuples of a range of dictionaries .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  copy a directory and all stat .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  make   resample
truth:  make   directories

test:  returns a single blast record object with its next character .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns a boolean for the the duration of a and b parameters a : writeme returns a : writeme b : a : h_{b}(x)=log_{b}(a)[h_{a}(x)] array label of the input array
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  return   coefficient

test:  set the learning phase for the current thread .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   dispatches
truth:  sets   learning

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  only load unicode characters from a string .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  serialize   hover
truth:  serialize   bytes

test:  make sure that no currently selected user is in the path .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  ensure   step
truth:  ensure   names

test:  load all uppercase documents from s .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  put to create a resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  post   negate
truth:  post   resource

test:  generates a sql hash for an rpc .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  computes the shared shared variables between an array of config .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  initialize   transliterate
truth:  initialize   variable

test:  searches the path for a pathname .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  remove a file created by filename .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  simulate memory usage for data .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  returns the map of a distribution .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  transform   gauss
truth:  transform   strings

test:  a crude way to compute the static file .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  set the http server .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  blend of an image .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  creates   forwards
truth:  creates   image

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   certificate
truth:  is   optimization

test:  run the printed output of func to stderr .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  capture   overlay
truth:  capture   func

test:  yaml: pathignore pathignore code to jenkins .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the current colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  return   gather
truth:  return   colormap

test:  create a new message message for the given google .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  start   github
truth:  start   frame

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  create the environment variables .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  setup   constrained
truth:  setup   functions

test:  retrieves the output map by fn .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  get the descendants of the current actionexecution .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  look a query object to a single table .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  pull   pandas
truth:  pull   columns

test:  remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  converts a string to a decimal according to the locale settings .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restart all users .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   subtract
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  build a list of sentences .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  build   bounds
truth:  build   table

test:  read a data file for a single resource .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   populating
truth:  copy   info

test:  extract information about a page from page .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  returns an httpresponseredirect to the views in the views .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  short   capturing
truth:  short   error

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  checks if the roles is valid on the target in this context .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  test column on a column that can be written to a column .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a pattern .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  a test case where only the name is shown .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  determine the metadata rule for a specified host .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the average slow to be used in a graph .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  construct   descend
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  pack the data to a usable channel .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  pack   restoring
truth:  pack   data

test:  returns true if the value is valid .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  returns whether the provided size size is valid for the provided size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  return legend table based on triangles .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  creates a matlab matrix .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return a generator which can be used as an re .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  post   restoring
truth:  post   data

test:  return a single plot after the given figure .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  display   restrict
truth:  display   array

test:  calculates the square root of each element of the input array .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  sums   simulating
truth:  sums   input

test:  retrieves the users status in the given category .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish this command .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  publish   pulls
truth:  publish   null

test:  computes the md5 checksum of a raw set of diagonal .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  recursively walk a list of all python packages in a directory tree .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  yields   init
truth:  yields   modules

test:  returns 1 if x is a covariance .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  take a file that will the given file as a separate .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  follow   labeled
truth:  follow   file

test:  this function checks if a given directory can be read .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  get the attribute of the attributes of a given attribute .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  restart a docker container container id cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  internal helper function .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  computes the raw api key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  from the opkg versions .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  build the inverse group .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   guided
truth:  build   fasta

test:  takes either a list of country and the country code or an country ironpython from mapbox .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  given   forms
truth:  given   result

test:  update or add resource signatures .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  search for the common keys in the text to be passed .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  search   supports
truth:  search   text

test:  remove queues from job .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   paginates
truth:  clear   queues

test:  delete a calendar record .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  delete   inserting
truth:  delete   calendar

test:  updates the opkg database cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  expanded format to convert epoch to epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  the currently active frame .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  itemfield view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  redirect to a node .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  display   post_save
truth:  display   metadata

test:  return the string of a given language names .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  transform complex coordinates to float .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a new hash of string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   orthoganlize
truth:  generates   hash

test:  send a request to the editor .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  edit   seconds
truth:  edit   editor

test:  returns the python mode for the given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  get   monitor
truth:  get   compile

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag to a fif file .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  read cgroup mountpoint from a pattern .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the growing network with redirection digraph with n nodes and redirection probability graph .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  return the python codec name .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  return a list of validation numbers that apply to the volume .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets the service name .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  zero order polynomial regression model .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   pushing
truth:  order   model

test:  parse a string and return a datetime object with the form padded .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  create a recordsensor link that allows us to specify a file record stream as the input source .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  returns a list of all the versioned versioned id .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  generate batches of image and batches batches .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  construct   parses
truth:  construct   batch

test:  decide whether the query with partial pairs generated by a query string .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   optimized
truth:  debug   script

test:  like password but return a list of arguments to display it can be passed to the context arguments .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  supports   small_stmts
truth:  supports   line

test:  returns the staff content usage content usage for the given course .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  write multiple savepoint to site .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  setup   suggest
truth:  setup   folder

test:  returns a list of instances from the model representing a model that has the same value .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  create a launch request to be used in the context .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get the number of digits that are always right .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  get fast x .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  get   boot
truth:  get   dot

test:  check if a value is a valid python type and can be a valid type .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  replace #!python with its osf .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  converts   flow
truth:  converts   fields

test:  utility function to convert items to dict format .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  convert a possibly pattern to an absolute offset .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  search   bench
truth:  search   value

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  read an image object from a file .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  load   exposes
truth:  load   values

test:  returns true if the given patterns is pfilter .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  filter   config
truth:  filter   patterns

test:  template tag signature .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  create principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  pulls   indicate
truth:  pulls   polynomial

test:  decorator to mark an app on a system .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  specifies   optimized
truth:  specifies   script

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  create a new database in the database .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   shutdown
truth:  create   tables

test:  generate a new name and represent it as a string .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if text has proper shutdown and false otherwise .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  determine   scop
truth:  determine   token

test:  charts view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  display   fragment
truth:  display   report

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys in a single iteration .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  eliminates   unescaped
truth:  eliminates   entries

test:  loop over the loop to one of the loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  converts   chown
truth:  converts   loop

test:  parse an yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   takes
truth:  parse   stream

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   currents
truth:  prepare   state

test:  internal helper to merge video uploads .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  merges   sets
truth:  merges   video

test:  this function is called once the processpool run for all the weeks .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  visit a numpy dtype and encode it .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  return   destroy
truth:  return   dtype

test:  parse string values & new nesting; .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parse   spawn
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse rfc2617 http header string .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  build a command line interface .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  called if the event is loaded .
truth: helper function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  make logged-in instance of html page with resized files .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  add   outputs
truth:  add   pages

test:  get the tuple of ip addresses from a tuple .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  create   export
truth:  create   tuple

test:  compute the natural b-spline for the order-k interpolation .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  whiten the device triangular matrix .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  normalize   rising
truth:  normalize   group

test:  check if an image is in the header .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the default service instance from the user .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   mimic
truth:  get   stub

test:  wrap a function so that it is called after a test .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  returns a list of the custom python model sql statements for the given app .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  check the status of the vm from respecting status .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  map   point
truth:  map   status

test:  checks the lc_messages directory to get the custom locale directory .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  returns the network modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  get the file directory to use for temporary file i/o .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  alias for read_local: reads the local cache files .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  uses   eliminating
truth:  uses   cache

test:  given a node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  converts   looping
truth:  converts   node

test:  convert permission_required types to floats .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  delete quota quota fields .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  deactivate   pulls
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  return a set of responses to a list of values .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  strips the microseconds field from a delta .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  strips   matching
truth:  strips   timedelta

test:  extracts package name from "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  extracts   extract
truth:  extracts   version

test:  test that xdg_config_home .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  verify   unmap
truth:  verify   descriptors

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   known
truth:  function   utc

test:  set the peer flag for the grid connection .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   input_bytes
truth:  set   installation

test:  creates a new random order .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  register a mapping of paths to a trained storage path .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  identify   search
truth:  identify   d

test:  remove the test branch to this should be done in the local branch to provide the correct number of templates .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  perform   unroll
truth:  perform   steps

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   optdict
truth:  limit   lines

test:  encodes a unicode object to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  stub callback .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by millisecond examples .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  return an objects that has minpoly(add least the context .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list the function given a valid config .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  return a list of renderers for all renderers of renderers .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  translate a cache key to the name .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  translate   listen
truth:  translate   key

test:  returns the list of securitygroupname .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the preferred channels preferred time zone for work .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   suggests
truth:  gets   timezone

test:  verifies that the tpot number can be asynchronous against a matrix .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  url   picks
truth:  url   reason

test:  generate a unique adapter adapter name .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  list cloud provider data for a specific providers .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   unmarshalling
truth:  list   sizes

test:  expands the input individuals into a 1d stride .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  get the grains value .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  setup the gui .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  enable   challengenes
truth:  enable   hooks

test:  execute a command line interface .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  run   protects
truth:  run   args

test:  make sure that a file exists .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  print a host-name dictionary .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   review
truth:  prints   keys

test:  imports the module plugin_path function .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check that indices and values are valid .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  returns whether the obj is iterable and not a string .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  check if the named container exists in the system auth .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config folder for this application .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the intersection of g that contains the graph that contains the edges that exist in h .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  remove generated files from the minion .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   resample
truth:  remove   directories

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  return local mode of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  adds a course enrollment to the list of courses and add it to the given enrollment .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  append   disconnect
truth:  append   courses

test:  test reading an data table with normal names and a table with the data points .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns a list of all matches found in the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  some devices .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  set   flattening
truth:  set   field

test:  mimic numpys data to numpy dtype for np .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  returns what services are available to install cli example: .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   vni
truth:  display   monit

test:  enable or disable units that are enabled in the unit registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  adds   lstrip
truth:  adds   set

test:  runs pip .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  extracts the raw url to the path of a resource .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  base64 decodes a base64 encoded string .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  pulls   fills
truth:  pulls   base64

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  evaluate a pair in python 2 .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  pulls   padded
truth:  pulls   evaluation

test:  initialize a new process .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  init   chew
truth:  init   service

test:  test clean up any temporary test files .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  clean   sleep
truth:  clean   files

test:  wraps a function to strip_none and handle a single decorator .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  makes   sending
truth:  makes   uniform

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  hook   eventlet
truth:  hook   warning

test:  get the process name of the node as a dictionary with the given init .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  returns the first child child child child data .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  not all extracted via a series of series .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  check   offset
truth:  check   parameters

test:  encodes string value to utf-8 encoded format .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  encodes   bench
truth:  encodes   value

test:  create an arma process with continuous correlation coefficients for ma parameters ar : array_like .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  wrap a certain file with a version_info server interactive test data to make sure that all passing format .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  runs   roundrobin
truth:  runs   application

test:  remove a named broadcast .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  delete   slave_open
truth:  delete   media

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  clears review review schema for the user .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  revert   pulls
truth:  revert   null

test:  like scipy .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  get a client from the provided user .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  send packets at layer 3 dump -> 1 .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  build   is_missing
truth:  build   hexadecimal

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   upgrade
truth:  download   poem

test:  lists all available and requests .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  lists   reduced
truth:  lists   cli

test:  returns the sequence in a fourier series .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   reveal
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  contingency matrix for id .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  build   cleaning
truth:  build   matrix

test:  parse a dictionary of dictionaries and values into a dictionary with the info and the special values .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  avoid tuple/list on all possible tuples in a del .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  pulls   determines
truth:  pulls   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  compute the real solution of a matrix .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  does basic token validation .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  split and arguments into arguments .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   utf-8
truth:  split   argument

test:  get the db contents of the database .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  api: send a test to notification output .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get equation groups from the group .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieves information for the given image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract a given egg from a list of toc files .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  ensure   init
truth:  ensure   modules

test:  minimize a blaze expression with a tree using the search query .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  select   put
truth:  select   rules

test:  install a default interval loop while running it .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  import   colorized
truth:  import   context

test:  send an email to bulk email .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  send   fragment
truth:  send   report

test:  generate download configs for a filename .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  element-wise truth value of .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  get   predict
truth:  get   divmod

test:  the additions replacement for a user .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  unmount   jitter
truth:  unmount   guest

test:  return a list of the binary sum of the input data .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  returns   assembles
truth:  returns   coefficients

test:  convert univariate polynomials in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  gets the average dashboard stats for the given user .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  save   interpret
truth:  save   dashboard

test:  square dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   round
truth:  square   polynomials

test:  parse the parameters and schedule list of parameter names .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   offset
truth:  parse   parameters

test:  negate a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  make   assembles
truth:  make   coefficients

test:  test download status code for blank requirements .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  test   batch
truth:  test   code

test:  return fast geometric mean of the specified forward .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  take   backs
truth:  take   mean

test:  checks if given value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get the name of an adapter .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  force rst c++ whitespace .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode base64 encoded t .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  using   fills
truth:  using   base64

test:  return a list with email addresses found in format .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  a general memoize decorator for functions that gets turned off the first argument .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  render learner page .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  computes the simplex central moment of v .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  pulls   zoom
truth:  pulls   vectors

test:  initialize the |message| normally and successful rules .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initializes   encapsulate
truth:  initializes   instance

test:  get the list of installed entrypoint for a filename .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  logging logging .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  log   support
truth:  log   time

test:  assign a list of strictly characters in the given textbook .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  reset the database to a clear .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  running   binhexed
truth:  running   tests

test:  resolve an alias name to an alias .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  compose a sequence of functions .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  compose   constrained
truth:  compose   functions

test:  gets info about the given api keys cli example: .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  filters out the elements of a dictionary by its key .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   executed
truth:  filters   dictionary

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  perform a generator on epochs .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   permutates
truth:  apply   epochs

test:  compute the coefficient of the input array .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  department controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the arithmetic moment of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  normalize locale to four locale .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  format   printing
truth:  format   locale

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   described
truth:  use   convolution

test:  this utility function takes a list of exprlist that are provided as a tuple of dictionaries .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  returns true if matplotlib version have matplotlib version .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  determine   loc<->coil_trans
truth:  determine   mpl

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  craft a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  validate that the namespace name is valid .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  return a remote options for the aws minion .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  simple function that returns the elementwise exponential of three numbers .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  construct a point for an array .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  compare   collecting
truth:  compare   b

test:  make a direct request data .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  parses the request credentials and returns an http response .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  get   instruments
truth:  get   keystone

test:  format a datetime .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   supports
truth:  format   text

test:  remove the specified resource type from the system .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  get the python module name from the translators .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determine the users google storage file name .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a message to a pushover channel .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  sync -> consistent scraper if the process is the process .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  produce   newlines
truth:  produce   dimensions

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like list data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget gives the tixexfileselectbox tixexfileselectbox of the file system and makes it the motif of the user friendly namespace .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  pulls   demonstrate
truth:  pulls   motif

test:  set the default translation object .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  test either if an error is raised when a single class is given .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  wrapper around dog_stats_api .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  insert   usage
truth:  insert   rows

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  begins   sleep
truth:  begins   files

test:  set up the telldus component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  adds   supports
truth:  adds   text

test:  return a users activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   lbrace
truth:  return   activity

test:  load an vertex file into a list of vertex array .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   switch
truth:  read   list

test:  returns the path to a directory .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  get   intialize
truth:  get   root

test:  truncate text to the characters .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  truncate   contructs
truth:  truncate   sample

test:  this function does not exist .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  run markdown from a stream and logs the python module to stderr .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set update or "/path/to/socket" on update sockets cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  returns a tuple of standard files .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  strip a list of files from a directory .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  the mdn mdn within a precomputed representation .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  obfuscate   pulls
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  coverts a command to a file and send it to stdout .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  return a list of an instance of the on a system .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  download an object from one s3 location to this object .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  output one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   prepopulates
truth:  outputs   bits

test:  calculate the variance of the samples in a list: by some values] .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  calculate   read
truth:  calculate   variance

test:  confusion matrix for generalized eigenvalues of a single vector .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  computes   cleaning
truth:  computes   matrix

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a string which is the current time .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  filters - filters - targets - .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  -   insert
truth:  -   targets

test:  create a radom documentation from a parent directory .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  get the function call to see also be used for testing with the given function .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  setup   currents
truth:  setup   state

test:  uploads a file from s3 cloud storage .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  make a manage signal to send out of the original api .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  returns compressed kmz from compressed string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  accepts a list of responding that are not active that are not active correctly .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  pulls   commit
truth:  pulls   repository

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns the ip address of a free ip address .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  get list of tags from a tree .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  turn   sums
truth:  turn   expression

test:  loads a service and returns a list of plugins .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  find an sdk with a more message .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  find   login_required
truth:  find   removal

test:  read ssh data .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  wraps a method so it performs a normal query on the data and display the result as the query .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  have   safe_octal
truth:  have   class

test:  test for commutativity of and and or .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns the integer value of a string encoded integer when n > 0 .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   reduced
truth:  assert   cli

test:  checks whether a phone number is a valid leniency object .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  writes the messages ports with the specified port .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  continuous a continuous query if given database exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  check   xlsx
truth:  check   query

test:  get a unique endpoint from input mailchimp .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  endpoint   disassociate
truth:  endpoint   webhook

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns a new shape with ellipse .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  draws   pulls
truth:  draws   null

test:  return a rate limit for the specified user .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all xblocks and data for a given user and thread .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  list the installed versions of pyenv .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  get all file names matching a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  list all of the linux interface cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  loops through the image .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  verify the command line option .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  a version of os .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  process the return data for .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  extracts   safe_octal
truth:  extracts   class

test:  load an start and return a successful drivers .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  loads   chew
truth:  loads   service

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata or equal to take in an eauth range .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  tests   listen
truth:  tests   key

test:  move a mixin table with the columns required to the columns of whats .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  fixture   lstrip
truth:  fixture   set

test:  return an assist in redactionpolicy .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  return   unset
truth:  return   completions

test:  returns a game scores as a dict .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  create a new instance group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  function handles values are resulting .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  looks to see if features is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  annotate a directory on an array with the given head .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  add   resample
truth:  add   directories

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  extract   receives
truth:  extract   port

test:  determine if the point is a given point of the paths .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  recursively resolve all task entities .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  resolve   doing
truth:  resolve   annotations

test:  returns a boolean to indicate the availability of the template files .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  default   nose
truth:  default   prefix

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  generate a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  transforms   enhanced
truth:  transforms   object

test:  given a utf8 message key .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  return the cholesky where the elements in lower case .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  returns   grants
truth:  returns   decomposition

test:  verifies that and/or strategy is valid .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  bitcast a double into a double integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   capture
truth:  bitcast   bit

test:  read ros handshake from the ros handshake .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  test that the printer dispatcher correctly handles __namespace__ .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  test   spawns
truth:  test   endpoint

test:  undo the primary code at the given date .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  default get_id .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns true if xpath contains lower case .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  ascii   reported
truth:  ascii   function

test:  get http data from the http requests dictionary .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into one .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   exposes
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute the display of a link to temporarily .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  given   looping
truth:  given   node

test:  returns a string with " replaced by a single space .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  delete entities from the given index and try to delete it as a string .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  deletes   support
truth:  deletes   time

test:  initialize a log logging for the given console .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  construct a mapping of deleted python ipy to python ipy .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a string with all chars being replaced with a single newline .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  serialize   accepting
truth:  serialize   e

test:  get new definite .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  delete the default delete file from a model .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  sets   serializing
truth:  sets   setting

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  stop and run all other processes as see accounts .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  returns a list of directories to all the files that are stored in the given directory .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  tests that the list/queryset of the same dimension than same dimension than the same dimension .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  enable the use of microsites during the startup script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  prepare   solve
truth:  prepare   settings

test:  restful crud controller - used for searching for searching for map contacts .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get the shortcut .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  returns   permutes
truth:  returns   shortcut

test:  return the url to operate in a given environment .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  extract   nose
truth:  extract   prefix

test:  given a user .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  get all volume types .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return series of library and scoords the folder1/folder2 blocks .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  test bistochastic and sum of squares along the given mean .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  check   pandas
truth:  check   columns

test:  return the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  train a model and validates the output file on a given filesystem .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  loads   offset
truth:  loads   parameters

test:  decorator to wait until the function has passed as function f .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets html representation of stashed .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  extract   digs
truth:  extract   html

test:  helper method for adding a highlighted type to the load database .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given a mask and a mask out of each url .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  extract options from a template string .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  find   borrowed
truth:  find   instances

test:  computes the kth backoff backoff .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   turn
truth:  run   case

test:  like np .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a line of channels .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  the elf .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns a sorted copy of the elements in the input list .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  return   patches
truth:  return   permutations

test:  gets the root denom product of matrix whose gradient is the same .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a json representation of the file from a given folder .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  find   configured
truth:  find   tree

test:  find the cover object from the container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   pass
truth:  find   document

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  compile matcher in a regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  sets the given api version cli example: .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  returns a list of all the directories of the dataset .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  returns the number of validation integer in validation .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  calculates   httperror
truth:  calculates   digit

test:  return the coleman-li and whether it is a float .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   saml_artifact
truth:  compute   students

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   bench
truth:  centers   value

test:  compare two multiset .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  enumerates   crops
truth:  enumerates   partitions

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   safe_octal
truth:  destroy   class

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  save the migration into instance .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   attacked
truth:  save   stats

test:  execute command and return a wrapped command .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get the revision and fallback it .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  attempt   pass
truth:  attempt   document

test:  checks a file descriptor .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  cleans the status of a network device and cleans up to the url inplace file .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  adds an attribute to nodes adds nodes to nodes .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  patches   looping
truth:  patches   node

test:  mark mail as diff .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  make predictions on prediction on predictions .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  measure   ensure
truth:  measure   prediction

test:  waits for the application to be read over a pycrust record .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  create a latest namespace redirect to a locale .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  pulls   makes
truth:  pulls   namespaces

test:  validates the response from a response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  compute the log likelihood of a simple constant in *n* .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  encrypt text with an ssh public key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  encrypt   drop
truth:  encrypt   ssh

test:  fixture that simulates the test if graphviz .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  default page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  received   bring
truth:  received   page

test:  a simple function accepts a list of permission objects and converts it to the user .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   close
truth:  returns   graphs

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  check for the maximum of available network dpath .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns true if the given backend has expired or not .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  uninstall an image from a distribution .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal targs - optional arguments to be called at exit .
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns true if c is a = b .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  get   fetches
truth:  get   parent

test:  make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   counter
truth:  make   thumbnail

test:  test the gpu cross product of conv2dspace .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  encodes a datetime to a naive datetime .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  convert a bytestring or unicode string to binary string .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  transform   hover
truth:  transform   bytes

test:  return a function which computes the sqeuclidean and the dot product of two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  given the path .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates the course context for a user .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  updates   populating
truth:  updates   info

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as a path .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   pulls
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  require english test project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   forgot
truth:  require   project

test:  set the ground state .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return a list of file names of the file server in this vmware environment .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  the main entry point for the authenticated user .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  pulls   rotate
truth:  pulls   loading

test:  redirect all fulltheme .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  themes   pulls
truth:  themes   null

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  returns true if filename is a file .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  determines   wanted
truth:  determines   filename

test:  reads html data from a hash and returns a tuple containing the contents of indices values .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   restoring
truth:  reads   data

test:  parameters obj - the object to check for obj .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  bind parameters into a dict .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the number of nodes in the graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  flow_stmt : compound_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  send an update to all score for a given score .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  get the number of elements used to turn a list into a single vector .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  predicate to iterate over a sequence of lists .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  encode cert bytes as jose base-64 der .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   producing
truth:  encode   certificate

test:  return the first set of preferred aliases from locale to find their alias and sort them into locale .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  given   orders
truth:  given   alias

test:  returns whether there is allowed plugins .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  compute the sigmoid cross entropy .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  set the path to osx .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  get a sm instance .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   detach
truth:  get   flavor

test:  only return if all the modules are available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute != the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   pulls
truth:  attr_gt   null

test:  function to return the list of active question for the given series .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  function   target_expressing
truth:  function   question

test:  return true if name is enabled on the system .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately around parentheses .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  x is best like x .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  half of process .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  make   shed
truth:  make   exception

test:  connect to aws connection object .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  test riak .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  import and return the module as deprecated .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  opens and returns the data .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  load   pass
truth:  load   document

test:  inverse of characters .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  return the current upgradable command .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dictionary containing the contents of a file from a path to the minion .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  given one string t .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  add   bounds
truth:  add   table

test:  send an email using a message to a recipient .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  alter   colorized
truth:  alter   context

test:  factorize a fill: by iterables .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  try to apply a image on the rpm image .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the interactive status code .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  return dataframe .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  download   embedded
truth:  download   example

test:  does the node represent a single tuple .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  does   looping
truth:  does   node

test:  updates global state when a task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  get unique index value .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check if the required flags are an update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  return a gzip-compressing for a template .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   iterates
truth:  flags   comment

test:  execute a command on the hadoop system .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  command   limiting
truth:  command   order

test:  add newton connections to the gcode connections .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  return path to any existing widget .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through a single 1d test .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  computes the paired manhattan distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  returns the pseudo-inverse of caller functions describing the caller .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  test that masked column of masked column is coerced to a single column 22 .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  does this string contain any null character or a string that contains the internals .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  information about an open oid .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return -1 to match shape and meta labels .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  pads   redefine
truth:  pads   slices

test:  add summary info to the name of a given summary file .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  write   import
truth:  write   summary

test:  determine if a gcode is a gcode or a gcode and if it will be run on a gcode .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  decorator to call a function with a :term:view configuration .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  check to see if the user is spam to run a spam .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  checks   preload
truth:  checks   content

test:  this makes a setting that is not used as the value to read it from the clock .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  convert an image and project into network inputs -- copy it will be numpy array .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  converts   figure
truth:  converts   inputs

test:  perform a sequence of functions in a sequence .
truth: like common . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  deprecated: waiting for a vbl is handled by checking if its not .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  ensure the named cache cluster is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   freezing
truth:  ensure   configuration

test:  am am not introduced into an effort .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  generates   decrease
truth:  generates   action

test:  test that table with groups of previous groups of groups .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  use   urlencode
truth:  use   item

test:  regression test for #1244 .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns all public values in a cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  work   thinks
truth:  work   issue

test:  show edit page .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse the log statement .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  parses   define
truth:  parses   path

test:  send an email this interface is intended to the scheduler .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  add the client to firebase note that the firebase token should be sent .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  adds   unquote
truth:  adds   note

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  updates a route53 object .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   unleash
truth:  updates   store

test:  get outset loop from paths .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  converts a string to a native string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  solves the equation quadratic function for the ternary quadratic equation eq which has the form ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 + fxy + gyz + hxz = normal .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get a resource_type associations; raise if not found .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   preprocessed
truth:  get   resource_type

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   filesize
truth:  returns   derivative

test:  return true if url is deprecated .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  given an ordered list of dotted-notation and a dictionary of strings .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  get   catch
truth:  get   course

test:  if the tenant already exists .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  convert an internal id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  send the user to the eggs .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log object emitting the name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  parses a string to a valid depth format .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  copies a general file from the registry .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   labeled
truth:  unregister   file

test:  test template validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  pull out the specified resource type from the model .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  recursively remove a directory from disk .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns: the absolute path of a path .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   disconnects
truth:  normalize   dir

test:  return info about the hosts to its tests .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  gets   preloading
truth:  gets   host

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   receives
truth:  create   port

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   pulls
truth:  deserialize   null

test:  switch branch to branch .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  switch   plot
truth:  switch   apps

test:  called before the epoch .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  send an specified delete path for the specified object .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  validates ipv6 addresses supplied as per byte strings .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  display denied .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  get the farness product of a list of paths .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  sum   landing
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get file paths of a file paths .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns true if g has distance or objective .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  example of a user .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return a list of the baremetal servers that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  decorator for caching endpoints that calls django 1 .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  pulls   tracks
truth:  pulls   urls

test:  create a obtain 5 for the given gpg keyword .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  takes a geometric transform and returns a mapping of available image .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get a keys fingerprint for given key .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  rename a transcripts request to the new account .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  issues a specific url to the result of the api query .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  patch   enhanced
truth:  patch   object

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  creates a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   overrides
truth:  create   channel

test:  somebody disconnected from the current session .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  cleanup   induce
truth:  cleanup   testing

test:  retrieve info on a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  docstring from docstring to link number of characters from a string .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test gl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  generate the set of sequences for a single seqs similarity .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  generate   sequences

test:  compiles all the versions of git .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  clear   concatenated
truth:  clear   pillar

test:  yields a unique object that resets its acl after the given buckets .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   enters
truth:  yields   bucket

test:  convert a seconds to an integer .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   operate
truth:  converts   h

test:  iterate for all file .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  yield   unpatch
truth:  yield   matching

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  convert disk traces to state .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  creates a directory on the filesystem .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   disconnects
truth:  creates   dir

test:  validates that wdg .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  wraps   roundrobin
truth:  wraps   application

test:  process the xml element by side .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   coupling
truth:  process   target

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname notifications with function-group for the given list of notifications or names of notifications .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  load an object by name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  decorator to check if the user has all the unicode since their urlparser .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  lists all datastores available to the datastore .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  calls the global ui module .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  creates a generator of ints in the case of the reverse order .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   increments
truth:  returns   pep

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  test that "checkerboard" image can be loaded .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  =   preserve
truth:  =   int

test:  compute the sum of samples for a project .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  convert obj into a list of attributes .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  runs development web server .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  check if the version of the down-sample history history file .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  compute an intermediate grade hypervisor for a responding .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  school types controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create initial initial file listeners on an elb .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   registered
truth:  create   elb

test:  for the relative path of the file containing the file or the directory specified by the file name in the tail .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  create   tokenizing
truth:  create   filepath

test:  test solve the discrete lyapunov function .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  check that when a number is changed .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  construction construction .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  portable popen .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the path to the caffe file .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  add users in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  wait for the element to be either clickable or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   uncheck
truth:  wait   element

test:  clears the regular expression .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clears   encrypt
truth:  clears   screen

test:  executes the given docs on a client .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  writes an hex representation of a given stream .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  like python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  perform security updates according to u'--datasource' .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  refresh   pulls
truth:  refresh   null

test:  avoid extraneous extractor with elementtree .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  resolve a rpar .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the factory to use .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  url-encodes all characters in a given payload tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  converts   flashes
truth:  converts   characters

test:  warn of targets contained in the targets found in the targets .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  prints   eventlet
truth:  prints   warning

test:  return the share triangular portion of a key/value pair in the share dict .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  close single line of the hdus in a string .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  called   dos
truth:  called   search

test:  removes paths from root directory .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the network device if not been set .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  returns the unused port on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  returns a dict whose values are the but doesnt exist .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  makes   simulating
truth:  makes   input

test:  split a path into components in a platform-neutral path .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  make a direct client .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  breadth in a sql query and returns a dictionary .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  helper method to retrieve resource fields .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  find the expression where only one expression is a list of expressions .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  start the home assistant server and return a test .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   encapsulate
truth:  start   instance

test:  return the closest *locale codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  finds a migration with the given id .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  test rechunking can be done as a 2d numpy array .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  validate a cookie key .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs notification service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a pound character (#) followed by a new line ( requirement: * mssql * mysql notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  allocate and parse a string in the series/index format .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  pickled   mounts
truth:  pickled   objects

test:  start an http server .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  test configuration file creation .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  setup the sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  setup   fitnesse
truth:  setup   events

test:  returns the prefix for system metadata headers for given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  computes the unnormalized lower banded estimator that contain the specified probability .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  the decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a numpy matrix from a numpy matrix .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  send an event object to a stream .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  emit   referenced
truth:  emit   bookmark

test:  test dimension bar titles .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  verify   resorts
truth:  verify   python2

test:  return a tuple of xonfig .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test database .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  test   init
truth:  test   modules

test:  parses a port description and returns an antlr description .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parses   sparks
truth:  parses   number

test:  load messages from coil_trans to configuration .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  provide the theano field inverse of a built-in numeric type .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a string containing a python code for a list of python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  returns true if p is a algebraic of p .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   added
truth:  return   p

test:  convert a url into the rest interface .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  broadcast an address from its canonical representation .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  strip   pulls
truth:  strip   null

test:  parse out the user and dimensions .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  parse   activates
truth:  parse   creds

test:  handles the least expression named expression on a condition and add it to the input condition if the input is formatted .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  convert a file or dotted format to a corresponding detail object .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  converts   been
truth:  converts   format

test:  truncating truncating of characters .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  pulls   overlap
truth:  pulls   encode

test:  calculate running hist based on nvp threads parameters hist : ndarray the start of threads in same as dir() .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of the images that are on the cloud provider cli example: .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the keyczar signer object corresponding to the given file .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  fetches   create
truth:  fetches   secret

test:  determine if an s3 can be created with a resources .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test if a regression where yaml is loaded correctly .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  makes request for an http request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  checks whether a string is decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  return the network api functions .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  appends string_ to the python implementation .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  calculate   split
truth:  calculate   stat

test:  return an element with highest func score; break ties at random .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  strip the uri prefix from the uri prefix .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  remove   nose
truth:  remove   prefix

test:  return information about a dns set of ip addresses cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  read evoked data from a node .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  make sure configuration and __init__ are not implemented .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  checks   talking
truth:  checks   dict

test:  parse a line from a dict .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  a resource template tree for each node in a dictionary of numbers .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  enables previously disabled instance tracking of plugin instances .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  disables   identifies
truth:  disables   plugin

test:  attach a queryset of roles as defined by each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   enhanced
truth:  attach   object

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  remove all registerd from the current plot .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  shutdown   unroll
truth:  shutdown   steps

test:  create an projector operator .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  create   looking
truth:  create   operator

test:  decode base64 data using base64 encoding and return a base64 instance .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  base64   limit
truth:  base64   decode

test:  generate temporary prime file to use for temporary files .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   sign
truth:  generate   pair

test:  convert the characters &<>" in string s to html-safe sequences .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  calculate date from a x^-1 .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  convert   focused
truth:  convert   dates

test:  adds the values of an iterable .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  pad   locks
truth:  pad   pad

test:  get the input from the "code" register url .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  perform   enumerates
truth:  perform   protocol

test:  cm service request section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return true if domain a domain-matches domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   union
truth:  return   domain

test:  set movie position as percentage between 0 .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   cyclen
truth:  set   percentage

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  same as not b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all default documents .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  helper to run module in nominated namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  encode the given string on base64 encoded input .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   creating
truth:  encode   transfer

test:  get cart or create if given token or open type .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  returns   help
truth:  returns   cart

test:  logs out user and displays the login page .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  skip a test environment variable .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  cast a string to a ascii string .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  returns the given html with all entities stripped .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  generate a unique email for a sequence of emails and the start date .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  quick function to check if vms is not a directory .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  compare while order directions .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   reported
truth:  convert   function

test:  return a list of symbol .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deprecated and return warnings if the given state was unable to use with all warnings .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given a list of entry .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   allocate
truth:  given   user

test:  parse the username/credentials out of an http header .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  generate a dataset with number_items elements .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  parse either the method or name and return a tuple of .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   parsefile
truth:  parse   descriptor

test:  get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  read epochs from an eeglab .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  check to see if the file exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  yields arguments from the wsgi environment .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extracts   restoring
truth:  extracts   data

test:  mean squared error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <mean_absolute_error> .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  get equation function .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a list of all the entries for the given feed .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  retrieve   unescaped
truth:  retrieve   entries

test:  simple list of selectfield elements .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  divides   pandas
truth:  divides   columns

test:  return an item from a sortkey .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return the directory where ipython should be used .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set price list .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   switch
truth:  set   list

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   strips
truth:  write   changelog

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  get config from a invalid config file .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  mandatory profile type by volume name .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  determines   going
truth:  determines   volume_type

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  pulls   serie
truth:  pulls   square

test:  takes a string .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  find maximum y value from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  set up the concord232 alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  register an interpreted text role by its name .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   present
truth:  register   role

test:  retrieve all of the configured users .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   extract
truth:  retrieve   version

test:  gets the most recent data for this job .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  workaround for deprecation email and python installation .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  installs   pulls
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  pulls   inquire
truth:  pulls   tool

test:  set the title of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  handler for checks .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  checks   authenticated
truth:  checks   everything

test:  require a remote host using the selected host .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  ensure ast code gets valid .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  explicitly commit the messages into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   fixes
truth:  puts   manager

test:  helper function to write a single string to a resource .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  pulls   represented
truth:  pulls   sysctl

test:  create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  delete   drawing
truth:  delete   tags

test:  internal method to get preferred version of a command .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  test import of numpy arrays .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  make sure the exception is none .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  test when a kit package is properly copied .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   walking
truth:  test   kit

test:  do not allow users to use passwords to login via http request cli example: .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  apply   drop
truth:  apply   ssh

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the string with camelcase converted to a particular bool .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  converts   submitted
truth:  converts   camelcase

test:  it should extract a single tabular step correctly into an array of steps .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  install the given vector link from the host .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  yaml: zulip publish zulip requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment humbug .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check for existence of tawn in tawn .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  mixed   pushing
truth:  mixed   model

test:  get the canonical list of the resources .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns an iterable of all image from the input table .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   bounds
truth:  generate   table

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  task responsible for setting user data .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  get information about configurations from a file .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  chown the group id and group id from this system .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  returns a maskdef .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   evaluate
truth:  returns   clip

test:  get the default python file .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  wsgi response for the flask response .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  fixture   s
truth:  fixture   sets

test:  a noop function .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  noop   hits
truth:  noop   filter

test:  put one or more or all of the metadata keyname : string name of the requested database cli example: .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  put   shared
truth:  put   string

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  parse path into path and return json directories .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  update the quotas for a tenant .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   optimize
truth:  update   quotas

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove a triggers from the task scheduler .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  deferredgenerator and waitfordeferred help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run pylint on pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   factors
truth:  run   pylint

test:  change control email address .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  given   equalize
truth:  given   email

test:  merges all solution to a single iteration .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  compute dependencies of a with the input args and unsupported dependencies into a histogram identified by the input .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it will check each standard location details in the hierarchy until either one are found or none are found .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  check to see if file has a saved backoff .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  test   emit
truth:  test   access

test:  regression test for url .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  return the first line of the given locale .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  given   mignotte
truth:  given   things

test:  limit all servers for an instance or a console .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  attempt to execute a shell command .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  computes an add-on key for the given key .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  get the hosts for a given cluster or service .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  returns   weigh
truth:  returns   vim

test:  generic function to return list of paths containing a normalized applications .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  this generator iterates over the file from a 1024 file .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  yield   simplifying
truth:  yield   range

test:  return the value of the elements that are present in the sequence .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  left   trace
truth:  left   merge

test:  a context manager that expects a file and return the associated input .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  display an exception from the current cloud storage .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  execute the designated module in the __main__ namespace note that the executed module will have the specified clipboards directory to the correct values in the specified namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  returns true if the connected exceptions are marked as a space .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  checks if a username exists on the user for the email .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  call the given command on win32 .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  runs   allows
truth:  runs   subprocess

test:  wrapper around ldflags .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  sample an amount of rows from a mixture of model .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  draws   pushing
truth:  draws   model

test:  lists the creds for given a cred_id and tenant_id .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  create a new constant .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  wraps   format
truth:  wraps   parameter

test:  get the list of ip addresses from the ec2 instance .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   point
truth:  report   status

test:  set python scenario on a javascript source code .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  set   bdecodes
truth:  set   xblock

test:  convert native feeds to a string .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a sparse matrix .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  creates a bit of an array of bits .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  clears the value .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  function   duplicates
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the mqtt services .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  creates a directory for the duration of a given path .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  get equation for cylindrical .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get the logger class .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  given a list of defines defines the torrent .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  returns a -tuple for the array .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  rehash the active configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  write   currents
truth:  write   state

test:  function for displaying expressions generated in the sympy .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   blocks
truth:  function   representation

test:  retrieve the mac address based on the device and mac address of the device .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  list all zones for a zone or installed zones cli example: .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   authenticated
truth:  list   everything

test:  run a single image .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  return the grains from the proxy device if not cached already .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  minimize an approximate scalar .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tries to parse the format returned by the past and extract datetime objects from the config file .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  is this file alignment .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run the function in a thread and return the result as a deferred that will run the result in the same thread as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   vms
truth:  run   thread

test:  creates or disable an environment manager instance according to the same directory as the default environment variable .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  ordereddict ordereddict in yaml dump .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  represent   come
truth:  represent   yaml

test:  creates a statement distance from the given text .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  calculate   itersubclasses
truth:  calculate   similarity

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  convert an iterable of ticks to a 2d numpy ticks .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  return datetime object from a datetime or local date .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload storage storage from the configuration file .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  pulls   unblock
truth:  pulls   swift

test:  validate the device .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  ensure   stores
truth:  ensure   name

test:  subscribe to the namespace implementations server .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  config   lets
truth:  config   handler

test:  commits the given connection and sets a new one .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  returns the inverse of the bits that are non-zero .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  decorator to require an instance to be created or not .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a single named information item from the lsb_release command output data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return the contents of the current uid .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   was
truth:  get   uid

test:  convert a piece of starred starred into the requisite uri uri .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  reduce the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "left_pad" zeros left and "right_pad" tensor .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  pad   overriding
truth:  pad   dimension

test:  the version of a version .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  generates a dataset with a indices of tests .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  restricts   debugging
truth:  restricts   dataset

test:  like dict_to .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  sending   equalize
truth:  sending   email

test:  sets the widget directory to use for the orange .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   step
truth:  suggest   names

test:  returns a dictionary of user objects .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  raise an exception if the config is not in parallel order .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  add c*x**i to a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   quotes
truth:  verify   map

test:  then i have sent outbox .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the oauth uri to use for views that the given name .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  look   trimmed
truth:  look   uri

test:  check the wrapped similarity of the specified command .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  boolean   follow
truth:  boolean   indicating

test:  returns true if the last line was read from sys .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   phred
truth:  purge   caches

test:  convert a string into an ascii byte array of ascii character .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  translate   stores
truth:  translate   name

test:  build a user for a container .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   executed
truth:  build   dictionary

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random os x .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  load image data from a file .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  read   indicating
truth:  read   images

test:  delete volume from a server cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  returns the amount of fields to be a form field .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the multiplier from a given base and a multiplier .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  update user information .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  update   widening
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   allows
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   extract
truth:  selects   version

test:  adds a property to the queue .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  add   inputhook
truth:  add   sys

test:  return true if a given pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  get the default float interface .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get a user identified by a collection .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  maps keys to their appropriate contributions contributions back reference .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  given a byte and b .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  open a file or object this function will return a numpy array given a numpy array .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  determine if a path is inside another loop in a list .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  uninstall an apk package .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  the multicol describes 1 .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decodes string value .
truth: print line . 
test:  print   small_stmts
truth:  print   line

test:  validate that the review groups is valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   decide
truth:  validates   groups

test:  convert a us file to an ipv6 address .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  custom view to load native file path from url .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  updates a dictionary with the given data and warnings .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  convert a given string or a set of email into a scope .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  construct the byte strings off of a length order .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  moving   offset
truth:  moving   parameters

test:  context manager to offset the current suspend .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  prevents   loads
truth:  prevents   changes

test:  parses a single token and returns a list of convenient .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   bartels
truth:  parse   contents

test:  reset to a given http version .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  rebuild   skips
truth:  rebuild   connections

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  true if mne module is available .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  dummy function for returning error .
truth: log os . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  decorator to copy a function or method .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  converts all keys in a dictionary to lowercase; keep their original values .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  require the http client for a route .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  alternative implementation of average_precision_score loss .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  checks to see if the ip already exists .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  checks   containing
truth:  checks   ip

test:  converts a datetime .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  convert   searches
truth:  convert   duration

test:  selects -> input a graph of scale .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  imageops over opacity .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  attempt to discover the default python version .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a python source file to a packed stream .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  parse   storing
truth:  parse   template

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   pulls
truth:  reboot   null

test:  to handle the of: driver .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  maps   emits
truth:  maps   definition

test:  format the file like a string like a string like a long .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  open a file .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  setup app for sphinx extension for the worker .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  setup   mutes
truth:  setup   app

test:  finds and returns the 1-norm that is not in the x .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  converts   reveal
truth:  converts   sequence

test:  show a value for the selected configuration .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  tests for bypassing .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adding an existing draft to the users revision .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  create   capitalizes
truth:  create   revision

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   solves
truth:  create   pagerduty

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   aligns
truth:  mount   volume

test:  entry point for existing queries .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  display   expects
truth:  display   queries

test:  parse the response to a response .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  split   install
truth:  split   response

test:  insert kind to one of kind and one space .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  convert   latex
truth:  convert   mne

test:  an environment to be sure that module is present in an environment cli example: .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   stolen
truth:  return   fileserver

test:  computes the elimination log-likelihood of a matrix .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   lstrip
truth:  build   set

test:  create and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  reads the binary data from the given file path .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  function   format
truth:  function   parameter

test:  returns the appropriate attribute of an object with the given ref .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   proposed
truth:  find   chain

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  gpusparseblockgemv -> gpusparseblockgemv .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the database has a "featured" marker .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  update a repository from a local repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  run other commands .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  simple moving average .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attach a specific single volume name server to attach a new location in the container to get an in-memory server .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  a decorator that allows us to call another domain and support for a especified .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  inverse hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  change the sequence number in an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   sparks
truth:  change   number

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   switch
truth:  resets   list

test:  return the final status of the final statuses for a single statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  get   inform
truth:  get   entry

test:  return a path to target that can be set .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  verifies that an apache module is shown .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  return an elastic engine .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  produce   mixed
truth:  produce   engine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  provides   install
truth:  provides   response

test:  returns the libvirtconfigguestinterface id of the specified host .
truth: given a server . 
test:  given   clones
truth:  given   server

test:  get a list of frame frame .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a multi-range field to a specified field .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  render all the javascript data into a json string .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  renders   aliased
truth:  renders   json

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  this method prints the last line of the current payment ip:port login_lock_out_by_combination_browser_user_agent_and_ip a utility function from the user .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  starts   generating
truth:  starts   shell

test:  return a dictionary of information about the specified account .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  install certificates and private certificates required by a task .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   listen
truth:  install   key

test:  build the remote projects .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   intrepret
truth:  build   pdf

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  retrieves a summary of the scop database that correspond to a global database .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  post   disallow
truth:  post   identifiers

test:  helper function to return a users cohort for a given course .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  load the device settings .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  command   authorizes
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  pulls   to_bytes
truth:  pulls   encodes

test:  creates a thumbnail via its effect as an params to read it .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  create   counter
truth:  create   thumbnail

test:  return a file-like object until the given condition is true .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  ensures   reported
truth:  ensures   function

test:  removes fnclex and create a library .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  parses the given list of namespace from the namespace .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  returns the current line number in a each column .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  builds   blocks
truth:  builds   representation

test:  build a datastream from a stream or chunks of data types and return the offset .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a list with the elements that are drawn with the same length .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  returns true if the urlconf url matches the given language .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns all the ports line up to the current structure .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  get   edit
truth:  get   ports

test:  get the environment variable of the environment variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a list of path to all the manifest files .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  archive   downloading
truth:  archive   package

test:  get a tuple like ofp string .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  wrapper for dogpiles .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  remove database from database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  converts unicode or unicode string to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  compare two keys that are dbcore by a xor .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether all of the given pattern matches fnmatch .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  determine   gauss
truth:  determine   strings

test:  dtypes: ssl options .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  read configuration settings from the original config file .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  check if all items have no objects .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  determines if allowed to access the user logging .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  convert a json subscription to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  retrieve a plot from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   stacking
truth:  retrieve   grid

test:  remove all patches from response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting boosting .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  redirect to a global unicast .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  compute the p-th power of the l**p distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   rfc
truth:  compute   distance

test:  substitute the user back to the probability using regexp .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  substitute   randomise
truth:  substitute   message

test:  return the error handler for the given django .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  decorator that ensures that the file with the given attributes are optimized .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  skip   remounts
truth:  skip   obj

test:  update the setquota epoch on epochs data .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  prepare   restoring
truth:  prepare   data

test:  stub function that creates a temporary sorting a counter .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sort   switch
truth:  sort   list

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  displays the current time zone :return: the current time zone :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   start
truth:  displays   zone

test:  add the consecutive event to a node .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  parse a string to a distance data .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   highlights
truth:  parse   update

test:  convert long to byte string .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  start the datastore mode .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a volume id .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   switch
truth:  copy   list

test:  returns the cli prompt that is okay to old style actions .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  tokens   pulls
truth:  tokens   null

test:  list all vms nodes for a specific vm/template or for a specific vm/template in this vmware environment to list files for all vms in this vmware environment to be used
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get true if there are inside a inside a inside root .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  updates a tvdb exceptions for a show exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns lines in the given file .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  export filtered rest api .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write data to chunk .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  produce a log(det(m)) matrix to use tan(x)**2 .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  event organisation thats from training .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  show a message helper function .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  [elementwise] [elementwise] .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  yaml: stash execute a stash target .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  get a review request .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  finds   knapsack
truth:  finds   request

test:  the specific site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a url to the tool shed repositories for the installed tool shed object .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  expression : expression + expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  list all hipchat rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  this generator flattens nested lists of 2d statements .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   lstrip
truth:  flatten   set

test:  return system information about the drac cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  default database groups .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  creates   decide
truth:  creates   groups

test:  generate a random number .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  sleep   sparks
truth:  sleep   number

test:  create an entire python service .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  join a list of urls with the given urls .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  joins   tracks
truth:  joins   urls

test:  check whether the given counter represents an ipv4 address .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  show if sphinx prime fails on a list of longs similarity .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  function   fileformat
truth:  function   self

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix cosine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  run on nodes in parallel .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  uninstall a installer .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  remove   init
truth:  remove   modules

test:  computes the coefficient of the mean along the specified axis .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  tests   contructs
truth:  tests   sample

test:  loads a given path from the available translation code files where [base is either a list of paths or a valid s3 language .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  removes   authenticated
truth:  removes   everything

test:  extends data to handle browser .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  given   homebrew_packages
truth:  given   structure

test:  resize a single image image .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  update   flow
truth:  update   fields

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   backs
truth:  returns   mean

test:  test a line of value with a single line of value .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieves the root root directory for this service .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  get the active number of sysprefix .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  check for make_pairs template methods .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  logs   capturing
truth:  logs   error

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  extracts all features from csp .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  returns a userrpc to and ssh format for the ssh management certificates .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  searches all python files under path .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   suppress
truth:  upgrade   software

test:  returns a registered string for a registered request .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  context manager to temporarily contextmanagerdef .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   extract
truth:  context   version

test:  return *true* for nested difference of two dimensional difference .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  checks if the completion module is not equal to the same importing .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   carry
truth:  check   test

test:  pair the amount of correspondent and their edit that are always positive .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  get all non-deleted packages .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  return   simplifies
truth:  return   packages

test:  does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   knapsack
truth:  does   request

test:  input or incorrect to the given problem .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  have   simulating
truth:  have   input

test:  factory to load configurations for testing .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   copies
truth:  list   clusters

test:  wraps a method so that the response is automatically set .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  mock prepare_setup_platform .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  mocks   pulls
truth:  mocks   null

test:  return only html with unicode string from the given doctype .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  validate that pack pack name is a valid pack .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  add a type to the enriched .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   presents
truth:  add   mapping

test:  create a temporary file name and read it out to a file .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  send deete into command table into nt table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  returns a list of reset sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  repeat the arguments that are not imported under the given function .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  return a copy of that are present in the mailchimp training .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  initializes   trivial
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  calculate the default size of width if the image is more than height .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns the real tree .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  creates   configured
truth:  creates   tree

test:  install mobsf and mobsf for mobsf .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  given a schema .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  format a list response into a complete uidl response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  convert state to lower state .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  guess   currents
truth:  guess   state

test:  check that the example gets called with something that the proper distance inspect .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  process the messages according to the current session .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  deserialize value of a network field .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  deserialize   extract
truth:  deserialize   version

test:  returns the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  execute the cli interface .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  publish   customized
truth:  publish   salt

test:  takes a dictionary with a list of tuples or a list of categorical values .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  create a new setuptools setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  decorator that returns a function that returns a decorator .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  helps   pulls
truth:  helps   null

test:  clears limit for given key limits .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  remove   cause
truth:  remove   option

test:  simple class decorator that catches the given list of numbers .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  convert x to codepoints array .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  linux the instance_type of the subsequent desire to mount .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  resolve   igor
truth:  resolve   device

test:  a generator that yields multiple lines and the given text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   flask
truth:  calls   times

test:  wrap a resource to a given collection .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cracks cracks .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  dumps   decide
truth:  dumps   groups

test:  use this decorator to wrap a validator that takes both methods and retry .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create an argumentparser to read the options :returns: a parser of raw script name .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  creates   promotes
truth:  creates   argumentparser

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  this returns a private key counter to a private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns the maximum statistic for the non-singleton linkage .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  delete users on the opkg or list of users cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  get networks hosts config for a named network .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  compute the bokeh function blocked by the block and class .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  extract   knapsack
truth:  extract   request

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   consisting
truth:  test   link

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  decorator to take an api operation on a scheduler .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  cleverer cci data .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  computes   bench
truth:  computes   value

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   safe_octal
truth:  cleanup   class

test:  returns true if lock of a file-like object has a file open .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  lock   enhanced
truth:  lock   object

test:  returns a list of promo and overstemmed .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts a list or list of bytes or a string to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   hover
truth:  converts   bytes

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  create a clip with the given matplotlib mean .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  execute a command and read data from pillar data and execute it and read the output data .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a list of integer entries to an integer value .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  converts   quoting
truth:  converts   comma

test:  generate a unique attribute of an collector list .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  takes   supported
truth:  takes   paragraph

test:  replace special characters with a newline in the input dict with their respective parameter values .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  decodes a http server preferred file preferred .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  generator to creates an iterable of lists containing a list of items .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  yield   enhance
truth:  yield   items

test:  set money stacked .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  stack   normalise
truth:  stack   taxes

test:  collect file update the given file .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  walk   local_rvs
truth:  walk   addons

test:  tests the gettext on a list of arguments .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  delete a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   unleash
truth:  deletes   store

test:  test the setting of disregard .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   bench
truth:  test   value

test:  updates library index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   regressiont
truth:  updates   index

test:  compute singular values of a matrix .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  parse a ruby module cix element .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   tear
truth:  build   module

test:  gets task data from a task .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   reverts
truth:  set   age

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when given a sigmoid function .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  add simplified rotation to fill .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  convert an node message to ast .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  given an identifier this function takes the string and a string and a message object model object .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  return the port number of the string passed in by the single string .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  returns a generator of lists in sets of nodes .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  merge   initalize
truth:  merge   k

test:  generator for integer a generator of lists with an iterable of integer n .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  change random chars of the string to upper case .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  change   block
truth:  change   chars

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  to compute the input data type along a sequence of data .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  create an :class: .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  parse a dummy node zones to a particular node .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   reads
truth:  return   metrics

test:  opengl opengl configuration variables .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  print out raw data and kwargs .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  output   protects
truth:  output   args

test:  create a private ip for this linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   containing
truth:  creates   ip

test:  test inserting model creation from a docker model creation parameters multistringformfields : model object .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  return the information of the active age .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  basic indexing with the given value only if the value is true .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  =   pulls
truth:  =   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  clear the cache for given user from the pool .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clear   allocate
truth:  clear   user

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  split a list into two sets of sure that the resulting strings are present and not on the appropriate .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  split   borrowed
truth:  split   instances

test:  test that you cant add a store_fs file extension .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  try   imdb
truth:  try   store_fs

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  returns a list of dict from the current list of all possible api such that the data is just a list of master .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  remove translation from source .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  parses a single record in a compass file .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parses   restoring
truth:  parses   data

test:  yaml: load load a least build parameter .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  pulls   fake
truth:  pulls   load

test:  delete an folder from the folder .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  convert complex .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  validate options .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   forbid
truth:  validates   options

test:  tests that *x* is consistent with squares of function: instead of trades .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the values in an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  compute   offset
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  get a data console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   ordered
truth:  get   console

test:  check if the labels attribute of a collection of labels .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  reset password page .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  password   exit
truth:  password   handling

test:  convert 2 or rgb array to rgb .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  python friendly skeinlayer .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  table a datasets .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  gets list of unique network commands and layer3 on port .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   repeat
truth:  inplace   scaling

test:  check if a database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  render a certificate template to the custom certificate template with the custom context .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  picks   derive
truth:  picks   templates

test:  generator function to iterate over a sequence of dictionaries .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  yield   flashes
truth:  yield   characters

test:  make sure that a and converts it to json string .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  convert   aliased
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns all randomsymbols within random characters of symbol examples .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  given   sums
truth:  given   expression

test:  returns a list of eventrenderers from available itemservicing .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  creates a remote endpoints to create a new consumers .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  copies the file system on partition <from-minor> to partition .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  resizes   sparks
truth:  resizes   number

test:  compute nth moment moments of a given eps moments .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  inner decorrelation .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determines whether the django settings to be located in the current working settings .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  try   lambda
truth:  try   django

test:  perform the actual eeg repository for eeg tests using an eeg reference .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  set   socket
truth:  set   projection

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  provide   flip
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  truncate keys that are associated with a passed .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  parameters obj : array-like returns true if *obj* looks like a file object .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  return a list of for jobs .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   signal
truth:  returns   datasets

test:  returns a generator that can be used to compare a list of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  set node variables cli example: .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  gather   restoring
truth:  gather   data

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   cutting
truth:  get   writer

test:  extracts the authentication from an url .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  lists the metric page .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  the main entry point for the daemon .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  decorator for pdbedit class by creating a temporary column .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  create a new connection object .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  install   skips
truth:  install   connections

test:  find all example workflows .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  test "dpid .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  return the list of the sites tags .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  print colors .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  remove old data to a specified directory .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  removes   restoring
truth:  removes   data

test:  return a service name .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  display   stores
truth:  display   name

test:  given an object .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  returns boolean true if config is a string and true .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return the directory to add python documentation .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return a set of all targets that are affected by the jit .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  return   offer
truth:  return   queryset

test:  set current boot device override information .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  return the list of dsym dsym dsym such as a string .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for provided course .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   defines
truth:  retrieve   attributes

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  test to ensure the volume names are properly .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  test   step
truth:  test   names

test:  helper function that instantiates a single string .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get the visible devices devices notification .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  calculates   allows
truth:  calculates   subprocess

test:  extract json serialized json schema from json .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   expect
truth:  extract   body

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   setup
truth:  returns   equivalent

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  get the text angle as float .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   docfield
truth:  return   angle

test:  decode a serialized cookie into a cookie .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   modbus
truth:  decodes   cookie

test:  --quick any combination of a byte string into a translation object .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns whether the given string is string or unicode string and contains a string .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  filters element items in a list with matching name .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   enhance
truth:  filters   items

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  compile the ir of a callable in which the given argument .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  return a function that enables the name of a attempts to the backend .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return a list of alfred .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the state of the file in the context .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  handler to get the customer of a user that are affected to a different account .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   designates
truth:  get   matrixsvg

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns a configuration dictionary with the given configuration path .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  extract   exclude
truth:  extract   discovery

test:  get blob-storage from api-proxy stub map .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  gets   encapsulate
truth:  gets   instance

test:  decorator to not check policy corresponding to a context .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the post .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   escaped
truth:  do   post

test:  get the edge height .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  validate docker-py fields is not a valid groupby groupby .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  checks   switch
truth:  checks   list

test:  create an openid request to be used by the backend .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return the string obtained by words .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  produces   takes
truth:  produces   stream

test:  merge the given scenario and return the content .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  go   bring
truth:  go   page

test:  converts c to unicode and unicode strings .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  write a version to the previous version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  inserts   bench
truth:  inserts   value

test:  kronecker product of + .
truth: returns np . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  as for http2time and return time in seconds .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check the environment for the rabbitmq modules .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  checks   averaging
truth:  checks   encodings

test:  computes variables of a sequence of variables .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  compute whitener noise noise noise covariance matrix .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  build a appropriate for the module that has the same dimension as the corresponding to the module .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   debugging
truth:  build   dataset

test:  ensure ast cant compile functions .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   match
truth:  make   syntax

test:  gives an expression of all variables in an expression .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  rewrite   associate
truth:  rewrite   expressions

test:  saves an object to a file in hdf5 format .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  delete   clip
truth:  delete   record

test:  checks along command line checks that g(x) host pseudorandomly .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  find the skip_trash parameter for a given locale .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  locate   pulls
truth:  locate   null

test:  like getattr .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  open a google cloud storage file .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  opens   decimals
truth:  opens   storage

test:  handle user defined in case of microsoft microsoft okay .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  prompt   separates
truth:  prompt   echo

test:  get the face index index corresponding to the edge .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  execute a ruby command with pyenvs shims using pyenv .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  normalize the given coordinate list to scale .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  combine zero or more model instances .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   constrained
truth:  combine   functions

test:  removes the content of responses from a response .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   widgets
truth:  removes   responses

test:  updates all the plugins .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   b1
truth:  updates   translations

test:  function to catch an error message .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  log   order
truth:  log   traceback

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  return the population variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   variance

test:  iterates over the a generator of files and yields metadata .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  test when a observer added to a observer .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  tests   unsets
truth:  tests   watch

test:  run one or more python module .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  collect   sleep
truth:  collect   files

test:  method to clone a task by a task .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  report   middleware
truth:  report   clone

test:  returns the path to the static settings file for the current optimized returns the returns the returns the path to the static files .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  required   imported
truth:  required   galaxy

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  execute a given function in python 2 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  change   flattens
truth:  change   output

test:  only run on systems which default to smf .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  given the path expansion .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  append   define
truth:  append   path

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   unescapes
truth:  add   rule

test:  return the resolver .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  creates a notification on the given topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  perform rewrites on all unattended .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  convert a system matrix to the nearest system vector .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  require several portage packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   simplifies
truth:  require   packages

test:  get token for a user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  generate   scop
truth:  generate   token

test:  find the manifest file .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  find   verifying
truth:  find   face

test:  takes a string and returns a set of permissions for a string of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the context .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  returns an array of uniformly-distributed n elements .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  test processors of mean-field subclass .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   making
truth:  verify   float

test:  wait until the given message was logged in the qutebrowser .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  wait   byte
truth:  wait   statusbar

test:  only one qapp can exist at a time .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  login complete view .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  compute nth derivative of yv function h1v(z) with respect to z .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  raise a helpful message about the supplied kind .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  check   exhaust
truth:  check   conversion

test:  return anchor function anchor .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  get the child of a branch .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   emitting
truth:  get   character

test:  returns the list of longest string corresponding to this utility function finds for the given longest list of longest args: kwargs: ties : list of longest lengths of longest values
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  chooses   tz_localize
truth:  chooses   seq

test:  given a path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  gets the search output .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  sets a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with queues on the model .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  splits a list of beautifulsoup tuples into a list of gl codes .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify the given string is a valid filename and status name the string to be followed by any hosts .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  returns a queryset of all the zen zen more zen based on search of zen units .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  xdg xdg config files .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  check   maps
truth:  check   locations

test:  calculate the most common indentation that are assigned to the highest of the previous sys .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  creates a filter that based on the given dict .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  accepts   step
truth:  accepts   names

test:  test histogram width using ellipsevisual .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   organize
truth:  test   histogram

test:  function to cleanup .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   restructure
truth:  test   tmpdir

test:  only load the module if we only have the hadoop module .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  return the forget .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  using a valid python type used to mean it shares and that it can be handled .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  test   teardown
truth:  test   type

test:  create a new amp server factory that validates amp and populates the context factory to the context factory .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   link
truth:  create   factory

test:  returns the full path info as a string for the given path or none .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  send an event to the program .
truth: force exit . 
test:  force   extended
truth:  force   exit

test:  create an iis application pool .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   flattens
truth:  decode   output

test:  install a previously installed plugin .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  compatibility wrapper for process .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  use   reported
truth:  use   function

test:  try to get hosts for an existing user to connect to the function cli example: .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get loops in a given direction list .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  the local revision is running on a stub .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  returns   capitalizes
truth:  returns   revision

test:  returns a wsgi response based on an http error .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  pulls   roundrobin
truth:  pulls   application

test:  wrapper around the extra_model_fields form .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  replace any previously generated character references in the string to make sure control characters are an ascii string .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   serialize
truth:  return   str

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  creates the django user .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  called when the microseconds service is enabled .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  reports   support
truth:  reports   time

test:  returns the match to use for datadog .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  return   opened
truth:  return   re

test:  this hook is called by evennia .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  for a problem to assign xml attributes to the browser .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  edits   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  edits   problem

test:  return a formatted format string for a given format .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return an iterator over all requirement that are dynamically from the pip .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  display the current database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  starting   extract
truth:  starting   version

test:  returns a desired color color .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   profile
truth:  return   theme

test:  return information about a container cli example: .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  returns the path to the yaml file for a given builtin .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return a list of urls .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  decorator for capturing capturing capturing capturing .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  allow   pulls
truth:  allow   null

test:  calculate the entropy of a histogram bins bins on a power of two univariate guide 4d .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  returns an abbreviated layer to be used to create the executor id to build an stdout file .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  return a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   code
truth:  return   logger

test:  generate loops map for each policy y map .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  create an schedule .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  issues up output .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  prepares   wanted
truth:  prepares   filename

test:  return the first column of a sequence .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  adds a node to the node of each node of the tree .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  skip decorated test if a database has requested .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  useful to work around dhcp-host and handle text[::optional_note] .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   restoring
truth:  configure   data

test:  return a comma-separated from the outputs that is made to failures .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  lookup and return a device instance .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   pulls
truth:  compile   null

test:  retrieve a role by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  add xml character sequences to xml .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  test the inheritance debug option .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  describe the current volume .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  describe   aligns
truth:  describe   volume

test:  check if http status code is successful .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  syncs the rvm file system on failure .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  start the assets server to download and start the data .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  remove all the files below a tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  preload and fix a test registry .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  preload   pulls
truth:  preload   null

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid region .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  creates a unique name for test version .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  see stat .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   reject
truth:  -   neutron

test:  sets the modules that will be reference for all the request .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   created
truth:  set   mode

test:  verify that the image can be present for this region .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  8625e03 -> string return a string .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  fetches a new opener opener .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  queries   tracks
truth:  queries   urls

test:  assign the given message to the parent and return it .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  return   fetches
truth:  return   parent

test:  convert a list of log type into a reasonable dict .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  print the rule of a blaze expression .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   dictionary
truth:  apply   condition

test:  insert python keys into the target dict .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  nested   pulls
truth:  nested   null

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  returns true if the secret matches the given secret .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verifies   listen
truth:  verifies   key

test:  create ctrl-c hwm for load class .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  calculate   examines
truth:  calculate   peak

test:  helper method to get request header dict from a requests .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  list all list of doctype objects .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   eliminates
truth:  make   elements

test:  convert a string to a boolean .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  airport restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  extracts all the namespaces from the provided document .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  rewrite   saves
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  iterates over messages in a dict:: file .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  crop an image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  converts a file to disk .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  applies   pulls
truth:  applies   null

test:  return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  replace local variables with a syntactically name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  compare two lists of equal elements .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   shutdown
truth:  stack   tables

test:  return the members for the named group cli example: .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  replaces   rising
truth:  replaces   group

test:  apply the difference between two points of x and y .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  calculates   print
truth:  calculates   approximation

test:  dumps the string blocks of an object .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  converts a string to unicode .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  decode   project
truth:  decode   ascii

test:  return a version of twisted to install cli example: .
truth: available major . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a single basic implementation .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  turn   retrieving
truth:  turn   compound

test:  use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   depends
truth:  use   def

test:  decorator to handle the sequence of op on ascii sequence .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  return   break
truth:  return   operations

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  create a new orphan for the specified fieldset .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  get the thread count of a specific helpers .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  like human readable unit into a time string .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  returns   account
truth:  returns   human

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  runs   broadcasted
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install a requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  load a certificate from a local directory arguments: path: the certificate to the authority file to be a single certificate .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  returns a partial tool shed url parameters url : str the tool shed is not a protocol error .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  determine   inquire
truth:  determine   tool

test:  converts the string s to a python expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  default page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  messaging   bring
truth:  messaging   page

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   quits
truth:  pulls   ru

test:  sets the current session status .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   check_string
truth:  set   hardware

test:  splits the datastore at the desired url of the datastore .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  split   failing
truth:  split   style

test:  principal decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  apply a value from a salted .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  recurse   saves
truth:  recurse   links

test:  update the iterator that has been updated with the given start page .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  grab   echoes
truth:  grab   prefixes

test:  remove whitespace or fileupload keystring of x under a rubbish .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  using   embeds
truth:  using   pandas

test:  inside an individual mapping as values for the given mapping code .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  render   presents
truth:  render   mapping

test:  tries to get the date from a datetime .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  sanitize the url to always be changed with a mask .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  sanitize   access
truth:  sanitize   url

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  shrink locale from a googlenet .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  make   assigned
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  submits a task to generate a csv containing the executive info .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test two instances of tf-mxne .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  returns an iterator containing the extent and its children .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   redraw
truth:  returns   begin

test:  shuup : text t into same-length .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  apply validation .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the expression in which the completion should be inserted usually code assist proposals should be inserted like:: completion = proposal .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  download an s3 object to a file .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  get current time .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  register the given log policy .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  injects   hits
truth:  injects   filter

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  retrieve retrieve information from available concerning cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   squared
truth:  retrieve   vms

test:  get a list of hypervisor by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  function decorator to register a function as argument .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  sets the local dict for the given local dictionary .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  safely checks for an api binding .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a little helper function to get the leading leading bytes from a string .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  a context manager that will be updated after the test .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  context   shed
truth:  context   exception

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to postgresql for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  copy a file to a file .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  infer a value into the specific value for the given type .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  infer   teardown
truth:  infer   type

test:  returns either a key or value from a dictionary .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  expand   stores
truth:  expand   name

test:  test that os .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  get current configuration paths to use .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  load a single pathext at(1) .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  returns   optparse
truth:  returns   extensions

test:  test that something and ensure elements get translated and underscores are valid .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   disallow
truth:  ensure   identifiers

test:  retrieves proxy information for a given url .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  parse   tile
truth:  parse   information

test:  only work on solaris based systems which default to smf .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  calculates the complexity of an integer representing the given number .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  estimate   support
truth:  estimate   time

test:  create a continuous random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the most recent snapshot snapshot .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  validate a workflow instance .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  fire   dumps
truth:  fire   signal

test:  helper method to get a unnecessary sample size for a given format .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  reauthenticates a login stats by the user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  returns the hits conductance of a volume .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  utility function base64 chunks in base64 format to base64 format .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  calculate project factors of data for app parameters factors : ndarray the number of correlation coefficient or same-length .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  project   cleaning
truth:  project   matrix

test:  deletes the given raw session .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  is   setup
truth:  is   equivalent

test:  get all windows python compiler in the system .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  determine   img
truth:  determine   compiler

test:  constant_expression_opt : cast_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a cluster components to a native cluster components .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  create weight initializer for variance or default .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   exhausts
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  for each index in each row the function returns a dict of indexes .
truth: given an index . 
test:  given   regressiont
truth:  given   index

test:  show the information of a message .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  trial multiplication algorithm for computing the discrete log base steps .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  compute   xyz
truth:  compute   logarithm

test:  discretize model by applying the value at the center of the pixel .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  verify that the specified ruby exists .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a single aggregates .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return an active contributors for the given date .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  class decorator to add the appropriate colormap class to an instance of a class .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  purge options for the current environment .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  true if user has errant but leave the endpoint .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  function to convert a polynomial in the voltage strings to a and b .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  transform   gets
truth:  transform   prototype

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns the number of exponent to disk space from the given number .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  page through allowed and domain .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  serve   bring
truth:  serve   page

test:  structural structural of the i/o and ids of a residuals .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  split the mapping of all systems and ls to match mapping of ids .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that the cache root exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   intialize
truth:  ensure   root

test:  replace the thumbnail .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  replaces   increase
truth:  replaces   nodes

test:  creates the setup_py for the given argparse graph .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns a string representing the jupyter notebook .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  a view that retrieves the csrf string from request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  aa aa .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  call   instantiate
truth:  call   arguments

test:  gets the user permission context for the passed model .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a list of reserved strings representing reserved against other than reserved for reserved of: such that the file is reserved .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a file on sys .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  try   labeled
truth:  try   file

test:  displays msg and optionally exit with an error code .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  test trigonometric trigonometric trigonometric trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  detect if the given function node is used as a decorator to support a decorator .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  determine   teardown
truth:  determine   type

test:  atomically filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  default   hits
truth:  default   filter

test:  calculate the loss between two a predicted and a evaluation of shape .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  define   negotiate
truth:  define   loss

test:  request a track object to be performed on the server .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  log   fitnesse
truth:  log   events

test:  open telemetry logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   sleep
truth:  open   files

test:  return a list of class name for the given module .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  split an array into multiple sub groups .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compiles   replaces
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  return path relative to $bindir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get the user input from the array .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  get   simulating
truth:  get   input

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  this function is added with the original image separated this function writes the same image .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  put   overrides
truth:  put   channel

test:  calculate the nti covariance matrix .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  restful crud settings from yahoo .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  embedded   access
truth:  embedded   url

test:  wait until the page has loaded on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove the activities from the feed tracking by the activities .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   testlist_multi
truth:  remove   activities

test:  only load the module if keyring is installed .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  requires   pulls
truth:  requires   null

test:  label graph on a label .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  assign   linkify
truth:  assign   integer

test:  returns the current server id .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  provides   linkify
truth:  provides   integer

test:  turn an unique list of results into a flat dictionary .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  slugify a string .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  get the geometry path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse /etc/hostname and return contents of the following: .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  parses a single xml file into a list of columns .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parses   autoencoder
truth:  parses   xml

test:  generates a random k-out column of the gate in the given way .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  return   deduces
truth:  return   circuit

test:  craetes a table in a given table .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  maps keys to a snapshot id from a template snapshot .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  write a new pack object to a file .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  make sure version string is a valid version string .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  list all packages .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  translates a snapshot into a cinder exception .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   forwards
truth:  embed   image

test:  return the supplied meter table .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  migrate   bounds
truth:  migrate   table

test:  take an array of values along an axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  takes   restrict
truth:  takes   array

test:  get a list of recursively of contents of a track .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a provider name and a list of inventory .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  removes a given single role for a group from a domain .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  build a face from a face image .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  build   install
truth:  build   response

test:  import an image cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  import   forwards
truth:  import   image

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based where [base object has been created .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  compares the value of a variable in the make .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  extract   partitioning
truth:  extract   v

test:  send an email to a native room .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  test for equality .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   pulls
truth:  collect   null

test:  adds a callback to a callback .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  adds   pick
truth:  adds   callback

test:  simple command-line program .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  pulls   searches
truth:  pulls   duration

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   slices
truth:  destroy   attachment

test:  failure failure and changes is not empty .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   represent
truth:  returns   failure

test:  return rotation by rotation matrix in rotation .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  rotate   indicating
truth:  rotate   images

test:  redirects the user to the support redirect .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  return   cifs
truth:  return   httpresponseredirect

test:  run a test with a temporary directory deprecation flock .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  shortcut   constructs
truth:  shortcut   lock

test:  returns the ''for and a random set of crap .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return true if mode is from a fifo .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   created
truth:  convert   mode

test:  convert a dictionary of items to a dictionary .
truth: like repr . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  find channel based on tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  execute an entire filter in the input editing .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  allows user to add a session to the page .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  pulls   ask
truth:  pulls   demo

test:  clears out all alarms on the alarm .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  clear   rescales
truth:  clear   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  parse the binary options and returns a tuple .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parse   caused
truth:  parse   return

test:  return a usable file path as a string .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  compile   labeled
truth:  compile   file

test:  export an image from a remote location .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  returns a group members for a group .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   rising
truth:  returns   group

test:  start a vm vm : string vm to be targeted key : string uuid of vm to be targeted key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example:
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   hostname
truth:  start   vm

test:  fetch the raw image from the values dictionary .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  validate a document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  returns a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  checks if dbref is a particular dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  forms   pulls
truth:  forms   null

test:  fingerprints of area .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  return a list of the baremetal servers that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  set a a command backend for the given name .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  set   fold
truth:  set   backend

test:  compute the 1-norm of the matrix cosine .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  find   reshow
truth:  find   alpha

test:  change an http header x-forwarded-for .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   capturing
truth:  returns   error

test:  write nested amino methods to normal tracker .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  write   autoreleased
truth:  write   types

test:  returns returns none .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  return image after input size or shrinking its input image .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  converts   forwards
truth:  converts   image

test:  return the value of a sequence .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   constrained
truth:  return   functions

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  pulls   mocked
truth:  pulls   runner

test:  a view to check if a node is listed in requests .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  simple hex purpose .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  pulls   scales
truth:  pulls   prints

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  pulls   traverse
truth:  pulls   cert

test:  create new operation and return potential ast description .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   colored
truth:  start   operation

test:  returns the normalized cut size and path between two node sets .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  convert the value of a positive integer to a positive integer .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  delete an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   whiten
truth:  delete   computenode

test:  build a "get" representation given provider lun system .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  check if the required depth should be x**n .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return a monotonically increasing integer .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  return a list of command-line chunks from an i: fragment .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  combines   prepopulates
truth:  combines   bits

test:  constructs a json object from the given cursor .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  converts   dst
truth:  converts   c

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  generate a key from a file and the zmq key .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a landing suitable for this script .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   sparks
truth:  generate   number

test:  check if the query for the given convert_coords is not a scalar .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  pyramid gaussian selection .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  yield   means
truth:  yield   gaussian

test:  tries to get / xml entities .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  build a cluster status fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   point
truth:  create   status

test:  get the path to a given node with the given service .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  constructs   access
truth:  constructs   url

test:  returns the absolute token .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct a reshape image url from a given url .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  the user can pass to the context .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  verifies the user for expired upgrade or verifies .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  get the complex path .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  make a bound method on superclass class .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to check if a directory has a valid directory and returns true .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   flip
truth:  use   python

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  remove the named group .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  yaml: scan-build execute a game config file for improving the build process requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment config files .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  given a date value a date in a dictionary of date format .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  use the uploaded auth to find a key for future use .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   existing
truth:  retrieve   ticket

test:  convert all keys in a panel to their appropriate value .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  converts   restoring
truth:  converts   data

test:  this function is a wrapper around showpage .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the path for the migrate repository that will be uploaded .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  clones new instance .
truth: cache management . 
test:  cache   implementing
truth:  cache   management

test:  get a list of basename .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  merges two dictionaries where elements are equal .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   draw
truth:  merge   struct

test:  returns used to get used for debugging .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  generator of integer n over the integer n and order .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  interpolated   pulls
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  like various tests .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  if namespace is present with :第二产业献率(%) or the tag .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  get a value for the routines that was available .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  coordinate   break
truth:  coordinate   operations

test:  returns a dictionary of files to be used to look for a given bucket .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  for a given directory or a path to an executable .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  creates the operations adding an argument to each feed .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert figure to plotly .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   memoizes
truth:  shows   plot

test:  fake implementation of thread .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  internal helper function to add axis if axis is none .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  function   interfacing
truth:  function   axes

test:  test i/o and writing of creator information .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  test that you cant create a duplicate file extension .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  always guard .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse a environment string representation to a valid environment .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  add a new environment variable values .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  return a tuple of trigs .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  mask   exposes
truth:  mask   values

test:  allow turning deduping in @roles with "import .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  use   scramble
truth:  use   @roles

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   filesize
truth:  compute   derivative

test:  compute crc-32c checksum of data .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return silences pep 302 dict .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  convert value to integer or raise .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   decreases
truth:  parse   documents

test:  returns a list with forums .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  return list of dns dns addresses of the running os .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  test that bad header with bad start and start with a bad column can raise an exception .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  header   stored
truth:  header   #

test:  function to convert the data field of a key to an iso8601 hash .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  determine whether a pathname is a byte string .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  filter   analyzes
truth:  filter   size

test:  sets up the currently configured authentication .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  let   format_alignment
truth:  let   authentication

test:  generate a random usernames .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  yield   outline
truth:  yield   hex

test:  gives a kroneckerdelta and value in the expression examples .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  finds   reported
truth:  finds   function

test:  return a dictionary containing the values passed in lookup and set the values are an object .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  limit   supports
truth:  limit   text

test:  remove repeating from task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  you can override this fixture to enable the logging .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  start the notification notification server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  checks to see if a file is a python package .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  returns   initializes
truth:  returns   program

test:  return a list of the directories from the master saltenv : base the installation file to use to load cli example: .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  return whether the path is absolute .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  get all templates from available templates .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   derive
truth:  fetch   templates

test:  return a list of available error codes .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  this returns the current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  returns   handles
truth:  returns   site

test:  accepts a dict mapping b to their update instances .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  split object id list into two list with set of tags sha1s and tag sha1s sha1s sha1s and tag sha1s .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  get step axes according to given axes or the given axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  copy a file or a folder from source to dest .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   sanitize
truth:  copy   libraries

test:  volunteer cluster controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  clusters   touch
truth:  clusters   controller

test:  when does not have a loader directory .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  change package to seconds with payload .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  changes   terminate
truth:  changes   password

test:  show a single element being a emergency .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a set of test classes that have a given schema .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   carry
truth:  returns   test

test:  tests whether obj is enabled .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  return   datasets

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects to a nested structure of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   publish
truth:  turns   graph

test:  32-bits -> int calculates the position of a set of numbers into a list of series letters .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  returns   position

test:  quote an input given @ .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  print   display
truth:  print   print

test:  register a new prefix for the given mapping .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   cleaned
truth:  register   configurations

test:  tests a function which can werkzeug a python arrays from one iter_a .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  test   created
truth:  test   mode

test:  ensures that the named group does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   rising
truth:  ensures   group

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  turn a date into a utc or a utc timestamp .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  call   hits
truth:  call   filter

test:  called from the minion to handle decode-url .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  finished   pulls
truth:  finished   null

test:  allow top_cfg to be rst in romanize .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the network on which the bridge is attached .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a server is enabled in redis cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  checks whether user can automatic translation repository .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  run the score on a single score .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  change the command to prevent a given string .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  replace   assigns
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset ip address .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  lookup an encoding name based on its null module .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  return the number of antidivisors [1]_ .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the site .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  decorator for checking if you should have a decorator .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  definition : lparen .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  show information about configuration .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  timeout of levelname .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  assert   mignotte
truth:  assert   things

test:  test code when a canvas is clicked .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  embed   sharpens
truth:  embed   qt

test:  return an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  computes the indefinite degree of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  create and return a bem instance from the given attributes .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  uses   suppose
truth:  uses   algorithm

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  debug function for the pairwise pairwise and then calculate the target .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  is   holding
truth:  is   policy

test:  warn if sections are robust to be certain but not set .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the :term:resource summary domain object as a collectionsummarymodel entity .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  place an order by specified order rather than specified order amount of shares/lots .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  multi-dimensional slicing: slices is a list of lists .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  get   overwrites
truth:  get   shape

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   fold
truth:  test   backend

test:  return a models in the given app .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  get   pushing
truth:  get   model

test:  generate a directed graph for directed nodes .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  place   increase
truth:  place   nodes

test:  create a database name .
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  remove headers that are not always in the given headers .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  adds a rate tag to a search_service_pb .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  adds   formatted
truth:  adds   rate

test:  get bench name for bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  run pep8 from a given folder of options .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  runs   notes
truth:  runs   asset

test:  release a new pre-amplification value from an equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   sluggified
truth:  get   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  delete server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  runn an image into the :) directory .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  determine if the image exists .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns default contact for attendance .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  returns   contact

test:  creates a zero-filled :class:cupy .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  create fatal negative page recursively .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  mutate   pulls
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return the list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get redis pattern .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  return the first provider that is active .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  check whether x has no colors .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  creates a quality score from a sequence of pairs .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  makes   assume
truth:  makes   header

test:  generate a random string only with random length :return: a random number of characters :rtype: string .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  retrieve the authentication contributions to mocked .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieves   inserting
truth:  retrieves   calendar

test:  return the inverse of an inverse integer .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  redirects to the tasks and handle its scheduler .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  aborts   uploading
truth:  aborts   job

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  normalize the end of data .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  return   query
truth:  return   position

test:  mimic test suite .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  has   checkout
truth:  has   way

test:  clip array of pairs .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  pulls   simplifying
truth:  pulls   range

test:  read a file from the given filename and return as a list of tuples .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  read   batch
truth:  read   code

test:  performs wards file parameters im : string username data to read in pickled .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  converts   quotes
truth:  converts   map

test:  compute the circular variance of the mean of an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   simulate
truth:  unset   spec

test:  return true if the object is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return the indices of non-zero elements that are non-zero and v .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  splits combined combined combined either a hint or a tuple in to the component .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  fit the gamma function .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  estimate   offset
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  uninstall a python implementation .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   map
truth:  uninstall   implementation

test:  pack arg into a list of tensors .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  pack   switch
truth:  pack   list

test:  mock runner .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns data for given doctype of the module .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   stores
truth:  escape   name

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  get the about available about some module .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns all css dependencies of the css group .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   write
truth:  returns   dependencies

test:  wrap an iterable over the objects in a dataset .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks if there are any uncommitted and see if it contains a repository .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   whitelisted
truth:  returns   repo

test:  raise an appropriate error with a logical error message and raise an exception if expected .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  is path outside base? .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  does   labeled
truth:  does   file

test:  deletes an exploration from the given exploration .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   coordinates
truth:  deletes   exploration

test:  given a row of column names and a column number .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  return   standardizes
truth:  return   byte

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  check that a plaintext password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  returns a tuple string of tile .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  parses the xml attributes and returns a list of bytes-like trees .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  recursively copy a files and their states into a list of directories .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  used   customized
truth:  used   salt

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   pulls
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should not have an exception if given .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  exit   pulls
truth:  exit   null

test:  trained types: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  converts a creation sequence in the format with the equivalent of a qutebrowser form .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | enum_item sep .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return plot leading a bug in a simple figure .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create the mariadb file .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  write   small_stmts
truth:  write   line

test:  create a collection of hosts from user its ok if user does not conform to access the user .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  reserve   allocate
truth:  reserve   user

test:  get a static file path of the current operating system .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  return fingerprints if it exists in the rss site .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  uses a tornado http client to async version .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   barcodes
truth:  uses   http

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  remove any existing cudamatrix of the sentence found in ngram .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  function   query
truth:  function   position

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  perspective page: displays all modules .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  check if a file has protected permission .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  serve   sleep
truth:  serve   files

test:  retrieves sort keys/directions parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  retrieves   review
truth:  retrieves   keys

test:  compare two instances of objects .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the running services cli example: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  get   deflate
truth:  get   config

test:  delete a configuration options .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  merge many keys in a dask .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  returns the module or none if it doesnt exist .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  retrieve   encapsulate
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  normalize a sympy expression from a sympy expression .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  dictionary   default
truth:  dictionary   part

test:  return the ip address for the interface if the specified system .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  override   rendering
truth:  override   routines

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  provision a user on the any user .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  which binary binary were emitted on the path .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  private method performs the mounted on the given device .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  convert a time in seconds since the epoch to milliseconds .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for rendering opcodes .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   safe_octal
truth:  sets   class

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  run the rabbitmq rabbitmq .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  compute the list/dict of a cluster with permutations and down up the given power .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  compute the bipartite nroots function .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  compute   roots

test:  create a email with the specified settings .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  verifies that certificate can be parsed for the certificate to use and utcnow .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  scans the provided paths and update the appropriate local paths .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  add   sleep
truth:  add   files

test:  creates a basic web storage .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  make   redirecting
truth:  make   entity

test:  draw a string for a list of integers .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  draws   regressiont
truth:  draws   index

test:  returns the list of all the logs that can be included in the given logs .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  get   decorating
truth:  get   log

test:  return a list of precomputed if found .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  determines   reinitialize
truth:  determines   subset

test:  test that a user can access to the url .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  get the options to feed problem .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  check if the ip address is a valid subnet .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  validate   based
truth:  validate   address

test:  read tag data from file and return as json string .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test to ensure hug content based on a specific payload .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  test   labels
truth:  test   transform

test:  return the volume tag of given volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  retrieve   building
truth:  retrieve   tag

test:  wrapper around site class to create a single batch-command .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  retrieves   clip
truth:  retrieves   record

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  add   cause
truth:  add   option

test:  return a surface mri forward forward onto a set of points .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  calculate   ignores
truth:  calculate   meg

test:  n344 - use != default .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  given a recursive element .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  return dataframe year :统计年度 gdp_yoy :国内生产总值 pi :第一产业献率(%) si :第二产业献率(%) industry:其中工业献率(%) ti :第三产业献率(%) clothing:衣着类价格指数 roeu:一般日用品价格指数 dcg:耐用消费品价格指数 .
truth: return dataframe year :统计年度 gdp :国内生产总值 pc_gdp :人均国内生产总值 gnp :国民生产总值 pi :第一产业 si :第二产业 industry :工业 cons_industry :建筑业 ti :第三产业 trans_industry :交通运输仓储邮电通信业 lbdy :批发零售贸易及餐饮业 . 
test:  return   unzip
truth:  return   year

test:  return string with sudo .
truth: return env . 
test:  return   accept
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  return true if file exists .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  every element in a sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  sort   supports
truth:  sort   text

test:  get profile .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  redirects to azure view .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  renders   occurring
truth:  renders   authorization

test:  default config item from ~/ .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  return true if given stream is in encoding on encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  tasks -> none .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  help   pulls
truth:  help   null

test:  assist function to scenario and addition .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all outbound inbound messages are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  given a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  pulls   express
truth:  pulls   -

test:  check if a service is available on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fit meg coil based on symbol：string plots .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  fit   offset
truth:  fit   parameters

test:  returns true if host is enabled or post .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  least one rule to multiple documents .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  kills the selected event .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  attempt   gzipped
truth:  attempt   completion

test:  revoke an admin privileges from a client .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   theorem
truth:  revoke   privileges

test:  project version detail detail view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   bring
truth:  project   page

test:  down a valid package for the corner .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  make   parsefile
truth:  make   descriptor

test:  get a new flag from a file .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  fetch   redirecting
truth:  fetch   entity

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of objects .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  recursively map nested sequence to map instances .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  maps   configured
truth:  maps   tree

test:  univariate univariate branch of a series return the series expansion of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  pulls   renders
truth:  pulls   series

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  run the main function in order to test the current environment .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  hikkake pattern .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  update translations .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  creates a decorator to sync methods in sync .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  writes the given string to stdout and writes to stdout .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  wrap valid string for non-protected .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  substitute   pulls
truth:  substitute   null

test:  test to ensure that chaining works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  tests   pipe
truth:  tests   validator

test:  get the list of available ctid .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  install a new tool shed shed to the data for each section in the latest character/entity .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  collect   restoring
truth:  collect   data

test:  convert a file uri to an uri path .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  check if the system version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  check   crack
truth:  check   _

test:  assert that some permutations can be sorted .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  test covariance matrix parameters cov : covariance of i/o .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   climb
truth:  test   covariance

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  return details about webapp url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  list the breakpoints of available breakpoints .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read data from file .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  try   rising
truth:  try   group

test:  cleans up any entities that are not found .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  task to hilbert a comment for comment comments .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  handle   abstract_declarator_opt
truth:  handle   submission

test:  generate nodes for circular nodes .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  generate description of a mailcap file .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_eval_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  try to find out what matching non filters .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  checks   instantiate
truth:  checks   arguments

test:  checks if two pathnames url matches the same url .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   form
truth:  add   side

test:  elementwise log .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  returns a list of topic trees that are not linked to courseware .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   stops
truth:  returns   topic

test:  decorator to run a function with a :term:view :term:view attribute .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  convert the given string value to a 0 .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract messages from a specific comment .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace explicit chars in s with spaces .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  request to have students as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  request   currents
truth:  request   state

test:  factory function for making binary data operator factory .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  loads a file for an authorization url .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test installing a package with same directory .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  compares two strings that are equal .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  compare   poll
truth:  compare   versions

test:  truncate a string to a certain number of text .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  truncates   supports
truth:  truncates   text

test:  test classification report with dataset datasets .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  return a dict of probability objects .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  reverses   pulls
truth:  reverses   null

test:  validates that the given user is valid .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  hashes   terminate
truth:  hashes   password

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   stderr
truth:  gets   machine

test:  return a list of elements with the given state .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  returns the country calling token .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  any existing mapping file should be able to override a task .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  converts the optimizer response of a log file in a log file and a dict .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  adapted   lambda
truth:  adapted   django

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  remove a public key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  uses depth-first-search to generate a single strategy for g .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  returns   permutation

test:  function that returns true if the value of twentieths is 0 .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  return timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  test time period .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  send a notification to a pending system .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  return whether we are supported on this system .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  is   plucks
truth:  is   window

test:  common module code correspond to all randomsymbols an ora2 attribute .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  python manage .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  get a keys expire connection peering clusters .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  build a location from a file or a tuple of data .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test valid color path .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   supports
truth:  test   text

test:  serialize python data to a document .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  returns a bytestring version of bytes .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  make   hover
truth:  make   bytes

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   rollbacks
truth:  decide   desktop

test:  handle the data for a given d .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  folder for add subsequent folders .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  returns true if the input is related to birthdays .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return a list of all binary interfaces .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  get data view from mne object instance like raw .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   permutates
truth:  get   epochs

test:  returns a dict of all possible metadata and their metadata .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   resample
truth:  looks   directories

test:  convert a list of numbers to julian .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  collect dask bag from a dask .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  pulls   blink
truth:  pulls   zip

test:  allows a :class: .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  return   drops
truth:  return   call

test:  test updating some meta data from a deactivated cache .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  test   post_save
truth:  test   metadata

test:  create a model from a configuration dictionary with the given state .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  return the rank of the first unrank .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  gives   pulls
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a list of paths to test the folders of the folders .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  if the file contains a list of files .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensures   sleep
truth:  ensures   files

test:  get the list of theme names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  converts the pushes back to a socket .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  returns the user interface that a datetime object has an attached to the given user .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return a list of meters by a project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   correct
truth:  execute   async

test:  create a new .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  get changed files from the system .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  run   point
truth:  run   status

test:  decorator used to mark a testtools test methods that require a testtools decorator and be run against a :app:pyramid class .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the path to the caffe platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get all volumes belonging to a service .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  tests if a scheme has explicit scheme .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  sets the configurations path .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   define
truth:  sets   path

test:  converts a timestamp string into a datetime object .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  clean nans scores on 2d numpy array of strings .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  reads a scenario from a scenario and returns a factory whose whose content is a scenario on the cluster .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add a value of the list .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  only load if the mysql module is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fix the sys .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   inputhook
truth:  fix   sys

test:  this makes sure that all translation errors that are properly conflict .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  check   lcmv
truth:  check   models

test:  fixture to make a etreefx .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  like reverse .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  pulls   simplify
truth:  pulls   urlresolvers

test:  test whether the url passed to an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  test given report to the desired report .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  perform the bridge of an interface .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  returns true if the provided revision is a repository revision .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  context manager to check whether it is enabled and after it .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns list of valid values and an vision serial format as a string .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  checks whether we are running on this platform .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  checks   map
truth:  checks   implementation

test:  require a portage package to be installed .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  dynamically creates a regular expression for an existing compiler .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  remove   label
truth:  remove   custom

test:  test mininetcluster() .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  demo   created
truth:  demo   mode

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  executes a command on a vm .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  wrap   uploading
truth:  wrap   job

test:  steps that match groups takes them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   swallows
truth:  create   fault

test:  returns the discrete log of the given dimension .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  parse results specific to the clade proportions .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  pulls   lcmv
truth:  pulls   models

test:  channel acknowledge section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  rebuild reduction .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get an ssh key for root to an esxi host via http put .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  retrieve   inform
truth:  retrieve   entry

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  create or prevents xml tree from node .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  performs median/wpgmc clusters on a given axis of the input data .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  translates a syntax into the python dict .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  rewrites   capturing
truth:  rewrites   error

test:  legacy a file system scaled .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  order {0 .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates maxstalenessseconds metadata for a boolean .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  validate   post_save
truth:  validate   metadata

test:  expose available attribute to handle #1150: rules .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  filter out a sequence of bokeh .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  yield   enroll
truth:  yield   iterator

test:  get the fetch from the device .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  query   review
truth:  query   keys

test:  return a sphere that can be used to perform a single concatenated string .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  return argument untouched .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if the powershell already exists .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  determine   authenticate
truth:  determine   powershell

test:  returns a formal power spectral fu .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  count the first word in a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  adds   carve
truth:  adds   word

test:  place imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   pulls
truth:  imports   null

test:  print procedure and string to an item .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the composite transform of a and b parameters a : callable callable returns writeme .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  build a squarefree command line and build a remote instance .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  build   stays
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  display the usage .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  prints   compose
truth:  prints   usage

test:  return a boolean value based on the rest of this module .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   shared
truth:  deserialize   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  checks the length of emailmessages keys .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  normalizes   retrive
truth:  normalizes   checks

test:  performs binary search .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  run   lambda
truth:  run   django

test:  construct an arma process parameters ar : array_like coefficients of time series for which ma matrices are calculated : array_like number of lags for which coefficients of observations parameters ar
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the name of the process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  name   instantiate
truth:  name   arguments

test:  make a line checkpoints checkpoints for a given repo .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  checks   fallocate
truth:  checks   admin

test:  only load if salt cloud is present .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  executing all values or general elements that are not documented .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   autoreleased
truth:  executing   types

test:  creates a mchoicefield field from a form for the mchoicefield .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  start a vm by name .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   stderr
truth:  start   machine

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  execute a command as subprocess .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  utility method to get an methods: or a stream for web server .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  configures   offset
truth:  configures   parameters

test:  updates last_started_state_editor_tutorial to the current datetime for the user with given user_id .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  records   allocate
truth:  records   user

test:  read comments from the given fobj file .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  find   dataframe
truth:  find   comments

test:  compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  creates a function pointer to read a function type for a cffi type .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  when a process fails .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  detach   colorized
truth:  detach   context

test:  test installing a wheel using its dependencies .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  structure of lines from a pull request .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  drop and return metadata if required .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  clear   responds
truth:  clear   database

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a number .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  shortcut   pulls
truth:  shortcut   null

test:  dump details of a given launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  do:: the most common random variables .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  returns the directory usage space .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  clear   looping
truth:  clear   node

test:  take a list of msb .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  finds the parameters for a given graph .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  replace   offset
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set windows computer on windows computer .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   unpublicizes
truth:  set   description

test:  convert a array as a column number to a column .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  convert   overwrites
truth:  convert   shape

test:  equivalent to the slice .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decode   enhanced
truth:  decode   object

test:  given a multipart/form-data response .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  encode   flow
truth:  encode   fields

test:  deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructtimestampassetid" .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   search
truth:  deconstructs   d

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  get a list of analytics for a given analytics and analytics .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  given   capitalizes
truth:  given   revision

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  construct a version 4 string with 4 bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  legacy the legacy shape in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   been
truth:  test   format

test:  save line year to console .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   remove
truth:  save   history

test:  return request instance from the current request .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a context manager which will temporarily temporarily set the detail note that temporarily restore the given http request to a temporary connection to the user_message .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  change   bench
truth:  change   value

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  restrict input type to the positive numbers .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  restrict   teardown
truth:  restrict   type

test:  wait to wait until a process is required .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  make   draft
truth:  make   prompt

test:  redirect all caught caught .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  wrap   promote
truth:  wrap   warnings

test:  registers custom check to be supported .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  add domains and domain provided .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  registers   estimating
truth:  registers   domains

test:  adds a setting that also be used as appropriate for the given setting .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  adds   solve
truth:  adds   settings

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  it should correctly extract tabular step correctly into an array .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  assert that the user is main .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  browse   utf-8
truth:  browse   argument

test:  setup fritz!box call sensor sensor .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  checks if the thumbnail is fixed .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  check   looking
truth:  check   operator

test:  generates spherical polynomial of degree n in k[x] .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  coefficients   acquiring
truth:  coefficients   bessel

test:  get the authentication url for a specific auth server .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  try   access
truth:  try   url

test:  reads the contents of a file and returns as a byte string .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  if args is true .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the factory to read from the persistent file .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  convert x to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  return a input image where the scale will be used to process the input data .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  returns the color-inversed line of the given line .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  change the username cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   embedded
truth:  change   example

test:  create an association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  verifies that and/or fails with past character not contain "text" .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  creates a new network cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  test if the reader function is giving to the strings .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  function used to convert the clip of a function .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  pulls   evaluate
truth:  pulls   clip

test:  test that the matlab function works as expected .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return list of files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  remove interfaces bound to a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   paging
truth:  remove   interface

test:  a response input .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  return collection of closed cart for given user .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  test the given cases that return only the substring .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  show the user route page .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  disconnect all the aws comments from the given discussion .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   extends
truth:  disconnect   signals

test:  return a set of 2 tuples .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  a helper function to get a usable dict .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  list   tells
truth:  list   vdis

test:  computes the default stim of an image .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  default   go
truth:  default   channels

test:  clear the cache from the input data and works .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  add a slash .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  accepts an expression and a listener .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   reconstruct
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep and set the windows .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  put   encode
truth:  put   mac

test:  get a sorted collection of collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   attempt
truth:  make   extension

test:  return a list with indexing values appended .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  creates   ridge
truth:  creates   qcolor

test:  update a configuration file and deploy to control here .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   alignment
truth:  update   section

test:  internal helper function to test vcenter .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  returns the total file from a file .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribes a user to a creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   allocate
truth:  subscribes   user

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   stacking
truth:  restore   grid

test:  this is the main entry point for comprehensive of the cluster .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  sort   map
truth:  sort   implementation

test:  register a service .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  filelinks: test case where a warning is case correctly .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  compute eigenvector centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  retrieve a one-time client .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  computes the spectral flux matrix x .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  -   sparks
truth:  -   number

test:  remove file from the default .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  delete neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  delete a key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  return the package id for the given package name or id .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test merging user using verify_user function .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  change the group and group id of this user .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send notification via astropy .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  deactivate   downloading
truth:  deactivate   package

test:  send email with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return the ancestors of a process .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  load the backend backend backend from the vmwareapisessions package .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  installs   downloading
truth:  installs   package

test:  ensure we can tokenize without spaces if it doesnt have negative one .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   mignotte
truth:  ensure   things

test:  regression test for url this module .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  ensure   invokes
truth:  ensure   works

test:  create autoscaler for a test instance .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  checks if user has reviewer to run a report report .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  tests   allocate
truth:  tests   user

test:  optimization to insert gpu cookies to a pycuda .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function takes a process containing all of its dependencies and returns a string which are present .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  process   equalize
truth:  process   email

test:  create an attribute from a list of attribute objects .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  reduce the given inputs to a collection of missing values .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  return info on an image cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get all current timezone cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  jobs to create a dictionary of activity info for future controllers .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  format a multiple screen .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  format   encrypt
truth:  format   screen

test:  makes a miller-rabin equation for a single cluster .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  return an ascii-only version as a string .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  decorator to ensure that a docker docker client is connection .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  start a github profile .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  determine if two polynomials are equal .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  check   collecting
truth:  check   b

test:  return true if the user exists on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used as a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  checks if a file exists .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  get the current packet .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  initialize bookmark .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   lcmv
truth:  initialize   models

test:  add group type to the group .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get path to abiquo data .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  gets the tls address of a url .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the maximum of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  returns   variance

test:  parse a text directive and return a tuple of leading nodes .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  separate the activation from two defined by samples .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  compute   mimics
truth:  compute   activation

test:  get the given name from the given name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  remove special or ?unc prefix from path .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  group edit for a group identified by id .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  view   rising
truth:  view   group

test:  set the local variables using the given name .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   vms
truth:  edit   thread

test:  close joined components on all pycuda .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  exclude   tsv
truth:  exclude   components

test:  create pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  get the value of the karatsuba function b .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print the inventory from the network device .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   igor
truth:  print   device

test:  create a new blockdeviceapi .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  validate   cleave
truth:  validate   providers

test:  retrieves the map of the same instance of the given object .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  normally normally .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  transform   splitting
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get list of doctypes from test_records .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  calling zeros on a .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  verify   summarize
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  a fake error handler for the last call to the last access permissions .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  convert a dotted field to the default dotted directory .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  used   dtype
truth:  used   arg

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  return the deast deast equation using factors algorithm .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  expand   constrained
truth:  expand   functions

test:  get the status of a user .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  read metamorph stk file and return as numpy array trans .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns the distance matrix of the raw groupings on the specified matrix .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  delete some files from the file .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  clean   assume
truth:  clean   header

test:  get due date based on a posting date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  a singular entry point to the application .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  about route .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  converts a datetime object to an excel timestamp .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  the safe ini client only if the region is not none .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  returns true if the process object has a given process name .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  render a template into a template .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  returns the descendants of the descendants that the given instance .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  a context manager that changes to a temporary virtualenv .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  replaces database .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  fixture   emit
truth:  fixture   access

test:  dict of the c module .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a list of courses sorted by all courses courses number .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  given a directory path .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  fixture for benchmarks .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a node case to the tree as string .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  display   looping
truth:  display   node

test:  ensure a github grafana is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  patch information on a file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  converts a function to a normal container to function methods .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  assures   satisfy
truth:  assures   container

test:  get a schema to be used .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  parse a nested list of flags as a dictionary .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  dump info and desired message but continue the message to log file .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  assert   dispatch
truth:  assert   operators

test:  update email enabled .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  enable   unserialize
truth:  enable   integration

test:  configures the module as changed .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  implement   inplace
truth:  implement   ovs

test:  configure the specified address to configure a security group .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns an image from the reader arguments: unto : batch object to be an image .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  get tool shed from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  resize the image .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  resize   forwards
truth:  resize   image

test:  jpeg data in jfif format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  test gl line .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup tellstick binary sensors .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  returns a string that should be used as an argument to extract the current daemon .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  get   urlencode
truth:  get   item

test:  write the given metadata to an modulestore .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  view for testing .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  apply function of values in a sequence of arguments .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  chained   float
truth:  chained   decorator

test:  drop out mime file and delete them out of rademacher .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  setting a sequence of salt://_grains .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  populate   responds
truth:  populate   database

test:  signal to create user .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the native file scheme; .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  load observatory database from data .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  writes the message to the log file using the given message .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   randomise
truth:  writes   message

test:  raise skiptest if test fails parameters u'' : bool priority to package_check *kwargs keyword parameters passed to package_check .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  run flowgrams on any of the contents of the file in the sff directory .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  clean   labeled
truth:  clean   file

test:  transform a function into a space-separated object .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  like wsgiref .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  rebuilds   access
truth:  rebuilds   url

test:  create the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  call a function .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  print   considering
truth:  print   debug

test:  index of two arrays .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  convolve   patched
truth:  convolve   y

test:  returns boolean true if y is multilabel and y differs too much .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  check   patched
truth:  check   y

test:  remove a file or directory .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  recursive   activate
truth:  recursive   delete

test:  load all valid modules .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  checks whether a part of a part is probably a multiline part of a string .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  test when warns .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  commits changes managed by the progress transaction .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   loads
truth:  rolls   changes

test:  the temporally function .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  compute the zipline variance .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  given   bitcast
truth:  given   boxes

test:  kill a logical process .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  blend the internal function .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  blend   indicating
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  a version of scipy .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  write a file into a string .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   restricts
truth:  get   inset

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  check that sparse oneclasssvm works like the same result .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  fetch an results from a new fetch .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  get the setup quota quota for the nested quota .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  validates   demonstrates
truth:  validates   setup

test:  return the prefix for the completions type .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  return user copy of the current desktop icon .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  setup the binary sensor platform fo enocean .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  creates or reports for a specific dependency .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  take   drawing
truth:  take   tags

test:  parses the key/value pair in a dictionary of html and returns a dictionary of those values .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  used   exposes
truth:  used   values

test:  return the first sentence in a .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get page from the given template .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the default minima for the given locale .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  encoding   pending
truth:  encoding   default

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  delete an bookmark object of the values for a postgres domain .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  delete   referenced
truth:  delete   bookmark

test:  calculate the probability from a given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a template name to a tuple that can be visited by other ones .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the secret key of the current machine .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  finds next to a string value .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  normalize univariate data .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  profile   plan
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create a newly function for methods on a track actually .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  convert a user name to a user name .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   was
truth:  convert   uid

test:  creates a unique app for the specified application .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  returns   roundrobin
truth:  returns   application

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   routes
truth:  computes   chebyshev

test:  get the list of tokens in an artist way .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  dedent the indentation level .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  dedent   gauss
truth:  dedent   strings

test:  handler to log user and queue the current user .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  wait for redis worker to become redis .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  compare bem surfaces for remote configuration .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  pulls   sentiment
truth:  pulls   bem

test:  write a tree to a stream .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  print   configured
truth:  print   tree

test:  organize list of commands and their arguments .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  yields   exploit
truth:  yields   duplicates

test:  computes multivariate normal distribution for a given parameters .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  return the hash of a file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  quote text for inserting into a shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  text   supports
truth:  text   text

test:  get a short token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  return a nuttall window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if cell is available on arbitrary cell .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  check   computes
truth:  check   cell

test:  log a message .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  a generator that yields corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  split and needing the candidate attributes from a list of candidate models .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  return   centers
truth:  return   labels

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  wrap a function calls .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a string to be used in the musicbrainz database .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  given a .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  sign   mutes
truth:  sign   app

test:  returns a data engine based on the database .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  load   mixed
truth:  load   engine

test:  deprecated! moved to minimal object .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  search for releases and return a dict with an releases key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  plot the partial autocorrelation function using the specified module .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   reported
truth:  plot   function

test:  extract a list of trees that have trees for the given trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  search   configured
truth:  search   tree

test:  get all available packages that are found on the specified root .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen rparen cast_expression .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  pulls   facilitates
truth:  pulls   postfix_expression

test:  pop the context from the local cache .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  removes   deconvolves
truth:  removes   level

test:  write info to a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   populating
truth:  write   info

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   tend
truth:  get   chunk

test:  perform an argumentparser to determine whether a given timezone is connected .
truth: factory function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  find and return vera thermostats .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   travel
truth:  find   vera

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  encodes   skipped
truth:  encodes   use

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  helper function to get an optional key for a value .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  retrieves the csrf token from request against a request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  determine the service name .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   flattens
truth:  verifies   output

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  read *exactly* until the chunk is a single socket .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   extracts
truth:  read   socket

test:  gets the value of the core apps .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  get a subscription that grants from a topic .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the system .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  add   ensures
truth:  add   anything

test:  accepts a buffer and returns a magic format that will produce the buffer as a magic .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  add users to the group .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the length of the hash layer .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  creates a copy of the default context for the purpose parameters .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  required function to return a list of the original attribute .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   do
truth:  convert   hashes

test:  returns the function which is blank or .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate python code source .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  evaluate   shared
truth:  evaluate   string

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test no items .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  test   unpatch
truth:  test   matching

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   iterates
truth:  escape   comment

test:  return integer as an integer or groups according to the given number of bytes .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  decide whether one item is *true* .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test for float_precision .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  used to echo strings to handle a session .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  echo   reported
truth:  echo   function

test:  ensure a security group exists .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  create some sort of interactive window for this cuda magic hostname .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   plucks
truth:  create   window

test:  reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  reboot   squared
truth:  reboot   vms

test:  return a mock patching the function on *cls* where the patch is reversed after pytest uses it .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   alter
truth:  return   mock

test:  create a new volume .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return true if the object is lowercased .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  load a module instances from a module instances .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   switch
truth:  load   list

test:  return a boolean value based on whether or not the timeout has been reached to use the server in seconds .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  compute a change of label labels .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  compute   deprecate
truth:  compute   cpu

test:  split a path into unc mount point and formatted path if it exists .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  deprecated   flip
truth:  deprecated   python

test:  check to see if aws keys are available on the given name .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  the x**n process is currently used with its starting and its character representation .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  find   holding
truth:  find   policy

test:  yaml: dynamic-string-scriptler dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns true if the image can be imported to force emails .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  search for all tuples of a given point in a given list of table pairs .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  convert a version string to a list of strings .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  normalize   extract
truth:  normalize   version

test:  stop section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   alignment
truth:  stop   section

test:  returns the type for a module .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check to see if the css exists in the table and return a data table .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  return the url of the request contained in the request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  parses   access
truth:  parses   url

test:  get the evaluated float .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  temperature a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  returns the value of iterable without none if the value is none .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  display a namespace button from the exc_info menu .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  hide   resizes
truth:  hide   icon

test:  recursively copy an item from a dictionary .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  pulls   svn
truth:  pulls   dicts

test:  escapes a string so it has no newline .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  quotes   utf-8
truth:  quotes   argument

test:  build a last-modified namespace for this rpm .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  compute the spectral clustering for nodes of g .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  unsolve or unlock a question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  accept   reauthenticates
truth:  accept   answer

test:  run the given test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  to maintain the feel of an aff4 server .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  template   constrained
truth:  template   functions

test:  export method to a output format according to the output format .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  export   located
truth:  export   method

test:  set current part of image .
truth: process part . 
test:  process   default
truth:  process   part

test:  utility function converts a string into a valid cmake class .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  convert   submitted
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  find the best match for a given median .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  deletes versions of all known versions .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  update   poll
truth:  update   versions

test:  ensure that given create database is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  test when the process fails .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  imports the object based on the class and the values for the given module .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  test if you want to iterate over a transformer .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the craft file .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  allocate an uninitialized timedelta timedelta .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   pulls
truth:  allocate   null

test:  read a bucket_name from a path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  read the flat parameters from a list of parameters .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   offset
truth:  read   parameters

test:  run test suite .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  provides the jail for a given process .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  table with table reader .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a storage object with all the request values in it .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  generate a byte string .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   implied
truth:  generate   seed

test:  returns a list of unique elements of the iterable that are unique for the given nupicmodelid .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a given template to the extra data .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  test the variable white correctly .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  check   randomise
truth:  check   message

test:  remove all discussion tabs for the given user from the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   cut
truth:  remove   tab

test:  inverse of forrt .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  extract   search
truth:  extract   d

test:  get page size and sizes of a page .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  get all the results in the core file .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   understemmed
truth:  prints   results

test:  websocket get access of secondary .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  try   fix
truth:  try   websocket

test:  initialize the release level module .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  clone   decompresses
truth:  clone   flocker

test:  jacobian matrix of generalizationacrosstime .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  obtain the serial_number vendor from the show model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   pushing
truth:  obtain   model

test:  shows the internet loss .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  quit   clones
truth:  quit   server

test:  sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  given an integer map .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  password reset password .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  check to see if the users configurations are present to be destroyed .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  builds   freezing
truth:  builds   configuration

test:  download and build an environment to a swarm status .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   coerce
truth:  download   swarm

test:  return frequencies of uniform distribution parameters n : int the number of divisors to send in which to sqrt(n) or array_like the polynomial in each dimension returns r .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  hashes password hash function .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  commits the menu support .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  shows   compressing
truth:  shows   menu

test:  given entity primary key .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get thread to use for eventlet lock .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  initializes   ellipsoid
truth:  initializes   pool

test:  creates a trivial graph using the given empty graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  checks if item is of an instance of the object .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression ge shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks that make_pairs template is deduced to skip html characters .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test copy raw append raw data .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the python file for a given file .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  grep   labeled
truth:  grep   file

test:  return a subdictionary object based on the prefix .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  a file-like value which checks to see if the file-like already exists .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  converts   failing
truth:  converts   style

test:  search for media search type .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  search   slave_open
truth:  search   media

test:  makes the background usr .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  drops   allocate
truth:  drops   user

test:  fixture that provides a valid api for a given project .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  patches   assign
truth:  patches   requests

test:  unmount a one or more devices .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  remove symbolic links determining the default restorecon directory path path to the file or directory of which to install a file .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  reset   colorized
truth:  reset   context

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  check if site-packages is a valid python version .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  sets the log level level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  create a new course .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  add   created
truth:  add   mode

test:  raise an exception with simple internalerror negative c .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  returns true if the given agent is a string and contains a query string .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  pulls   obtained
truth:  pulls   clients

test:  return true if the requester authored the given content .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to bench .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns value decoded from dbms specific hexadecimal representation .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  decodes   bench
truth:  decodes   value

test:  solves the equation tables with high = agreement and upper triangular .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  associate current auth with a user with the same email address in the db .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  return   inform
truth:  return   entry

test:  encode a python 2 .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  get the current ssh version this node is a string .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  extract only the snmp snmp data from a string .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   prepares
truth:  disable   router

test:  gets the scope system information for the given api key cli example: .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  show   stopped
truth:  show   statistics

test:  attempt to look up the translation to install a file to the file on disk .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  marks a callback as wanting to receive the current context object as first argument .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns the cached content for the given location .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  retrieves   darken
truth:  retrieves   piece

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  return   utf-8
truth:  return   argument

test:  count the number of numbers to requested numbers .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  counts   returned
truth:  counts   numbers

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  scales an array as an array of readily to creating an array of exponent scales scales attribute that can be either a clip or 1 .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   restrict
truth:  normalize   array

test:  compute the circular variance for samples assumed to be in a range parameters samples : array_like samples or array_like the range to be converted to an neuralnet or array_like .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   containing
truth:  allocate   ip

test:  returns the shape of the input array .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of same data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  add descriptor for enum instance enum class instance to descriptor .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  sets   defines
truth:  sets   attributes

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  produces a platform .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  wraps a view .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  test getting completion for unknown .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  decorator to require the specified aggregate to find the __virtual__ function .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a dersequence object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  flatten string to ascii string .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  flattens   pulls
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  this is a feature of dict .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the pivoted representation of an expression .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrap some text to a single paragraph .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   supported
truth:  wrap   paragraph

test:  install a certificate from a keychain cert_name the keychain to install the certificate to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   traverse
truth:  install   cert

test:  restart the named service .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  display a command .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  print   constrained
truth:  print   functions

test:  decrypt data using the timeuuid .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  make a deletes deletes a new instance .
truth: register the device . 
test:  register   igor
truth:  register   device

test:  compute the sha level of a matrix from a given number of polynomials .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  hash   recreate
truth:  hash   portion

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in studio .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the path length of the set of source in a weighted graph .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return the path for the file at the given absolute path .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  create a fake payment_instruction .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   compare
truth:  create   payment

test:  a factory to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  delete containers for a container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  remove   mounts
truth:  remove   objects

test:  load the provider .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries first dictionary in d2 and d2 .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  returns the escaped text from node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  merge multiple sorted inputs into a single mapping .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   reallocation
truth:  merge   collection

test:  delete an object or raise if namespace or object doesnt exist .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  returns the accidentally representation of the section for the specified xblock .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  a decorator that prevents audit from being automatically authorized to call an action function .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  hack   using
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or more roles to a mongodb user cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  grant   serves
truth:  grant   roles

test:  load messages from coil_trans to configuration .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  print resource for a given resource .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  gets   negate
truth:  gets   resource

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   gauss
truth:  test   strings

test:  multiply f in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   uncheck
truth:  multiply   element

test:  it should correctly extract regular step correctly into an array .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  calls the form function for inverse quotes and return a compressed string with all consecutive repetitions .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   shared
truth:  ask   string

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  pulls   combined
truth:  pulls   ipv4

test:  locate locate database or list of dns devices on the system .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   catching
truth:  enable   quota

test:  display whether remote events are on or off if supported :return: true if supported on modem" settings :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   fitnesse
truth:  displays   events

test:  computes the space2depth am .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  computes   imports
truth:  computes   coefficient

test:  progress release section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  progress   alignment
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  attempt to decompose a permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  optimized   calc_footprint
truth:  optimized   strip

test:  retrieves expected c c c c .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  system information type 8 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  run a server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  make an sms message ready to be none .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  creates an sufficiently exponential with the given exponential base function .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  returns a bool telling if the value passed to it was a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   yield
truth:  returns   bool

test:  takes the stream and grub note the offset and returns a tuple containing the offset .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  iterates   show
truth:  iterates   notes

test:  test recovery ica components raw components raw data raw removing computation raw components raw components raw raw components .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  skip a test if a trimmed python 3 is a message .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  attach a json story representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   populating
truth:  attach   info

test:  update the version number in both the latest version .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  update   returned
truth:  update   numbers

test:  receives an event using urllib2 to access via the event .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  sends   nested
truth:  sends   segment

test:  ciphering busy section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  ciphering   alignment
truth:  ciphering   section

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ site-local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  this function takes a string and returns a set of words that are managed with the formatting string .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  calculate   minpoly(add
truth:  calculate   words

test:  return a logical by" string .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  determines   tracks
truth:  determines   urls

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  attempt to return whether or not to their been set cli example: .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  tries to click an element and populates a behave .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  find a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  echo calls to a single test and return all the testing database .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  echo   pulls
truth:  echo   null

test:  returns the query from the caffe position and whatever the query result as a list of query apart .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  yield   prioritized
truth:  yield   messages

test:  helper function to iterate over fields in any optional plugin .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  iterate   flow
truth:  iterate   fields

test:  see if a course filter has staff courses on the given course .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  list   disconnect
truth:  list   courses

test:  returns theano variables that match zero or permutations as a number of dimensions .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  simplify   array
truth:  simplify   computation

test:  require the ldap user .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  run a suite .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  prepares   redirecting
truth:  prepares   entity

test:  compare two ndarrays .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test basic application .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert the input value into a boolean like so: >> make_boolean true >> make_boolean false >> make_boolean(1) true value .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  write a unique packet to a file .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  write hash to text file .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  takes   labeled
truth:  takes   file

test:  execute command to execute cinder .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  ensure that the named job is absent name the name of the job to remove job cache to remove .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   uploading
truth:  ensure   job

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  parses a list of file utf-8 author .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  read   pasted
truth:  read   feed

test:  delete a pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  change package name to login .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  disassociate a floating ip from a fixed ip .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  returns the metric code which is close to modify the integer value of the graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test bootstrap of config file .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  calculate the percentage of cross entropy between the target and target_image .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  computes logistic loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  filters all unique elements in a list .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  get a list of all user details .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   isolate
truth:  get   policies

test:  set a shell to be the required execution .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the filter type by a dictionary .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   exposes
truth:  find   values

test:  test chart rendering with a data chart .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  get a phone code for a phone number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  find   execute
truth:  find   region

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  plot the cartesian product of figure and downscales it as a list of vectors .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  generate   parens
truth:  generate   figure

test:  subtract an remainder space conversion of a string parameters m : - editing the first character of the space limits: is the number of characters in a single space .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  print a string representation of a python string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   shared
truth:  print   string

test:  makes unique id .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  returns the storage size of a given device .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether the user needs to log checks that the current user .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create a new instance of defined variables .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  extract   pocsuite
truth:  extract   n

test:  invokes the given values to standard output of the given values .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  returns a np .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  bessel/thomson of continuous-time wrt the input array with respect to nan .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  parse a filename or unicode url into a raw url .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  parse   wanted
truth:  parse   filename

test:  filesystemloader filesystemloader initialized with a rpar .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  get a list of the distribution information for a configuration file .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  handle the host from the xenapi host and compute the dst location .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  generate a cookie alias for logging .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   orders
truth:  generate   alias

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  a simple function that returns the json encoded value .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to multiline format .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   translated
truth:  write   g

test:  coverts date in a expiry time to a human-readable expiry .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  show   focused
truth:  show   dates

test:  fixture which provides a fake config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  get the interrupt notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where should be converted to python .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  generates the alternating group on n elements as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   rising
truth:  generates   group

test:  clears the logs stored within the current logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clear   hacked
truth:  clear   buffer

test:  metafy error prefix .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  generate   randomise
truth:  generate   message

test:  return true if the given file name is line .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  returns text with tight_layout and text .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  displays   returned
truth:  displays   numbers

test:  get item or object if applicable .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  returns a list of table names from the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  tries to parse a line of the given line .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  temperature the preface file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  given a minimal combination .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  handle clicks on the given node and raise an exception if its not escaped .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  ignores   restart
truth:  ignores   account

test:  returns a random job prefix based on the prefix .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  internal utility function to check if percent is not a field or a string .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  check   produces
truth:  check   identity

test:  returns a string representation of the given date and return a single date .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  pulls   dereference
truth:  pulls   width

test:  write data to a file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  is this a file empty? .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  only when internal collection of der-encoded are used .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  initialize   freezing
truth:  initialize   configuration

test:  return the mntd block matrix .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  find   highlight
truth:  find   row

test:  move hint hint to bad lists in bad dictionaries .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  testing that the double quotes within double quotes = id .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  revoke tasks from task .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   requesting
truth:  revoke   i

test:  returns the difference between two lists of strings attrs and diff .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  comparing a command and send output to a python function .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  load the login form and redirects to the user .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   colorized
truth:  load   context

test:  verify that the supplied test list is a valid datastore .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test to make sure the reader reader correctly with unbounded at each columns .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   located
truth:  mock   method

test:  parse and caches word from file .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  add or remove the given namespace .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  populate   flattening
truth:  populate   field

test:  given an object .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  returns   outline
truth:  returns   hex

test:  cast an argument to true or false .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  attempts   contributed
truth:  attempts   t

test:  formats a timestamp for display .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  pulls   childnodes
truth:  pulls   timestamp

test:  a template message that renders a messages to a plain template .
truth: show django . 
test:  show   lambda
truth:  show   django

test:  try to drop a path to the dependency dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  detect   define
truth:  detect   path

test:  get the names and default values of a functions arguments .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  language class french .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  reset warning behavior to issue .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  set   pings
truth:  set   behavior

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   uplink
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   hanging
truth:  initialize   variables

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  setup   attriute
truth:  setup   stdout

test:  get a flat list of filenames for the given toppath .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  calculates the close-on-exec vote on each row .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  assumes   centers
truth:  assumes   labels

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  retry   reported
truth:  retry   function

test:  congestion section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  control   alignment
truth:  control   section

test:  default url .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  get the user information for this request .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  create a string for externally authenticated user .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  reverse the search for history events .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  load json file into a json directory parameters path : str the bom in json dir returns the bom in json format to be updated with the bom .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  run a command and capture output .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  send a message string without downloading the xml .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  test installing from a non-editable from a pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  decorator that checks if a stack exists .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  pulls   isolate
truth:  pulls   policies

test:  parse a query string from a dictionary of values .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  get the list of active instance sizes .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return certain version of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  normalizes the input range so that it normalizes to 1 .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns the wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  return profile image by shifting imsave .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  return   plan
truth:  return   profile

test:  convert a python string to a bytestring for datastore storage .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if we are using any file in any file .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  returns a list of all es classes defined in the given suffix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   labeled
truth:  execute   file

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  performs a permission requests with the given signature .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  retrieves   assign
truth:  retrieves   requests

test:  like :func:exec_prompt .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  statement : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns the attribute from the given product .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  returns a prepared array of ints from a raw file .
truth: return major . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  load a single image .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  returns true if primer primer allowed mismatches .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  if the view should be filterable .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  countermonotonic bivariate copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a /-delimited version of f .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  retrieve the ethernet st for a given pkt .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  find   talk
truth:  find   packet

test:  an or-ed of shifts one .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   trims
truth:  generate   shift

test:  return the attribute of an alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  attempt to look up the translation to install a file to the specified active backslash .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  convert a 8bit or string into cache .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test that function takes a pre-release object and returns a dictionary of input values .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write the rest refs file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  generate   restarts
truth:  generate   refs

test:  returns true if the tool is datasource .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   inquire
truth:  returns   tool

test:  returns a draft we can use for datadog .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  check whether scipy and fixup values are equal to modify .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  check   hits
truth:  check   filter

test:  helper to test state_changed a warning for a given cluster .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  given a string of integer instances .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  applies   proctored
truth:  applies   sort

test:  check if the pooling configs are joined .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  checks   sleep
truth:  checks   files

test:  run the theme on the theme .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  add   stubbed
truth:  add   headers

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  given a stream of bytes or text and a text string of bytes .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   containing
truth:  fragment   ip

test:  create a list of tests to start with a complete and optionally tests .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  generate   carry
truth:  generate   test

test:  handle element from descriptor .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  get   reallocation
truth:  get   collection

test:  parses a votable_ matrix into a list of noneresult tuples .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  returns a list of unique id from a list of their types .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  returns   learns
truth:  returns   seqs

test:  return true if file is a file .
truth: lock file . 
test:  lock   labeled
truth:  lock   file

test:  generate a unique hash for the given hash .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns the coverage for a specific grid .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  returns   parameterize
truth:  returns   integers

test:  given a file name .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  new home directory for the specified home .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   leave
truth:  setup   switch

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   markdown
truth:  lists   vlan

test:  gets the string representation of a human readable string .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return a composite transform for a and b parameters a : thrift the output of two ranges .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  sort the given list/sequence of values by values .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a string for the grid widget that can be used as a dictionary .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determine the index of a sequence .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  return   describing
truth:  return   listener

test:  compare two images parameters im : array_like .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  look up the key for an create-keys-and-certificate transport fingerprint .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  direct the loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   decoding
truth:  direct   lists

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  move item onto an item in the item .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  wait until the system has been reached .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  call   interprets
truth:  call   intervals

test:  try to determine the cluster to borrowed .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  unpack   optdict
truth:  unpack   lines

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  given a validator .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  wrap   borrowed
truth:  wrap   instances

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  maps keys for attachment details view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the system on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  to exit the specified host system in maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  take   preloading
truth:  take   host

test:  return a list of a continued integer within a continued fraction .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  returns   finished
truth:  returns   fraction

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content/leaf nodes contained within a topic .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  generate image points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  creates a dictionary .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   act
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the simplified loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  parses an reformatted tag and returns time as a datetime object .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  compares python data by turning the appropriate criteria .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  fixture to provide a valid template_name .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change tablespace and port to connect to the postgres server .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  change   performs
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  change the minimium labels for a group group .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  deal   overrides
truth:  deal   channel

test:  read the lsm sequence of float pairs and return as list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get the path to the s3cache command .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  remove a filter from a numbering delay .
truth: get streams . 
test:  get   establishes
truth:  get   streams

test:  convert a number of units with canonical unit units .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  convert   heres
truth:  convert   frequency

test:  require a system user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  compute the scalar types of *a* and forward them to the same as :py:func:parsedotval parameters var : ndarray .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  check   autoreleased
truth:  check   types

test:  return true if tour connection tour unique tour .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  calculate args: rectangle rectangle for a given rectangle .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  function   ban
truth:  function   probability

test:  returns true if the language is used for the given language .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the first kind and its derivative .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  sending message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  create new stub to start a new stub .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   tweak
truth:  returns   replacement

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  helper to format user information .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  format   allocate
truth:  format   user

test:  like skipfield .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  canonicalize   access
truth:  canonicalize   url

test:  fft the erfa for erfa use .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a device path is virtio .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  return validates their names .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validate   urlencode
truth:  validate   item

test:  provide the options for the hfa enable the hfa .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  provide   forbid
truth:  provide   options

test:  given a "host:port" string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  validates   stream
truth:  validates   returns

test:  gracefully boot the specified zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  boot   start
truth:  boot   zone

test:  return a dom graph object with the data set .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  load   aliased
truth:  load   json

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   bench
truth:  escapes   value

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   hostname
truth:  get   vm

test:  computes the indefinite integral of f in x_j in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  apply the source localization method to each object of epochs .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  set the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  get single doctype .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  return   gunicorn
truth:  return   frappe

test:  get a path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  returns true if the given ip address is a valid ipv4-address .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  show the contents of a text file .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  true if the specified directive contains a special directive .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add items to a page if its not already one .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  adds   tsv
truth:  adds   components

test:  generate an html path from the html path .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  map   define
truth:  map   path

test:  scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   dataframe
truth:  scan   comments

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   executed
truth:  dispatches   dictionary

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to python .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  return x as a numpy array with the same shape and x .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get a float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  install zfs on a task .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  create a new policy .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  skipping a test suite that uses us to pass .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  function   carry
truth:  function   test

test:  returns true if the message has a newline .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  milestone add .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates multiple local items of the provided reference .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  this method checks for idempotency using the vlan-show command .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  generate correct types for types and typeconstraints .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  return the default zone parameters for a specific zone cli example: .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  print   skips
truth:  print   connections

test:  given a sequence of polynomials .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  convert etree element to a matplotlib element .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  converts   uncheck
truth:  converts   element

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   mounted
truth:  read   end

test:  upload [port_min .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   clones
truth:  upload   server

test:  test a simple timeline .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert an index to a dot product .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  fetches the refs in a remote .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   mounts
truth:  fetch   objects

test:  temperature the preface file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  checks for the existence of a file that describes the given code .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  check   acquires
truth:  check   pep8

test:  get cpu_time() rank of the given inside a 2d set of points on the given inside of the directory .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  get   annoy
truth:  get   rank

test:  get a list of access paths based on the data .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  makes a new figure .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman top window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  cast an integer to an integer according to the locale settings .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   archive
truth:  convert   member

test:  flatten an existing variable .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  reshapes   simulating
truth:  reshapes   input

test:  parses term search for true/false and search term into underscore terms true .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  destroy the registered session .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  destroy   command
truth:  destroy   session

test:  gets a list of all the named nodes from the given graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  return a url to the given image ref .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  returns scalar elements of the input list .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  downscales image by downscales inputs into a numpy array with the same format as the input image and downscales .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  mean   pulls
truth:  mean   null

test:  return a mapping of commands from a most of the python interpreter .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  completes   bartels
truth:  completes   contents

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the bound loader .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  get and display first page of resources .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  fetch   bans
truth:  fetch   resources

test:  the mail that returns a single endpoint .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  test the shape of the running wrt .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get word from expected file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  upload passwordless paramiko to a file .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  try   multiply
truth:  try   paramiko

test:  retrieve the system roles and return a set of the original roles .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   grouping
truth:  retrieve   system

test:  returns true if timestamp is an ipv6 number of seconds .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  filter   reverts
truth:  filter   age

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  checks routes of the route .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  tries   astring
truth:  tries   route

test:  create a shuffled polynomial from the input individuals .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  returns true if given stream is valid csv .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  create and returns the db script .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  add git support to known_paths .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  resolves   unparsing
truth:  resolves   git

test:  tests if an instance is fully implemented by the corresponding specialized .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  test   writing
truth:  test   ironpython

test:  define a llvm function for atomic increment/decrement to the given module argument pointer .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   reported
truth:  define   function

test:  sets a key/value pair in memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  run the timeout timeout .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of paths relative to basedir .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   drawing
truth:  return   tags

test:  test missing required argument for missing .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  a view for parsing token keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  based   base64encodes
truth:  based   djangos

test:  converts to ascii .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  return   logarithmic
truth:  return   slug

test:  calculate the rabbitmq rabbitmq queue .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  fetch a remote bazaar repository from the branch .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  fetch   pending
truth:  fetch   default

test:  create a dict representing a single episode .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  log   inf
truth:  log   download

test:  exit and logout .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  testing   flip
truth:  testing   python

test:  returns the path to the users system .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get equation for rectangular point in equation .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   named
truth:  get   z

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{list} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  downgrade the cases in the new xmls .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  square the image onto a single image .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  reset to a movie audio state .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  usage: {% test_page_is_public page as page_perms %} sets is_public to a template object .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  inject names from a remote event .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  injects   label
truth:  injects   custom

test:  run no output if an output is not a problem .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  missing   coupling
truth:  missing   target

test:  overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  update the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  config   deflate
truth:  config   config

test:  check whether a user has access to a role .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test whether the rules has an rules .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  returns true if the path is executable in the current context .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  subroutine to create a double frame .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  create   goes
truth:  create   frames

test:  given a view class .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  retrieve quotas for a given image .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  sets sess .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  set   finished
truth:  set   fraction

test:  express negation .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  append   physicists
truth:  append   suffix

test:  some groups .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  return the total item of an iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  return the size of the given object .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list with tree .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  returns either a new graph or unicode .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  convert   hover
truth:  convert   bytes

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  create a new list of parameter predicate .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  create   constrained
truth:  create   functions

test:  reload the given command .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  pulls   determine
truth:  pulls   projects

test:  simple ease function .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  returns the message id of the db .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  create a continuous random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the name of this backend .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  backend   tear
truth:  backend   module

test:  returns the number of images whose the image is the shards domain .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  determines   print
truth:  determines   approximation

test:  removes a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  get comparison of key from the database .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   limiting
truth:  get   order

test:  collects a phone number from a phone number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  get the profile id associated with service .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  fetch   search
truth:  fetch   d

test:  nice list of strings in a sequence .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  join   gauss
truth:  join   strings

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   sqlmap
truth:  checks   limit

test:  return a path corresponding to the scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  convert a snake_case to a list of requested targets .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  set   db
truth:  set   annotation

test:  run js fourier transform on a zero thread .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   read
truth:  run   variance

test:  given a prefix return a unique path to a git-pull(1)_ url .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  supplied   pulls
truth:  supplied   null

test:  helper to restrict too space to flocker using a stc space .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  restrict   looking
truth:  restrict   operator

test:  run the command and return the attribute/class .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  create a new addon instance with the given name and version .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  create   whitespace
truth:  create   addon

test:  normalize an experiment .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  normalize   called
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  get the standard update from the request and access it .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieves   eliminating
truth:  retrieves   cache

test:  return a list of lists .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  parse   based
truth:  parse   address

test:  given a template data and a callable object .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  get the index for a given type .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  create all available images .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  sort mapping by size .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  checks whether a given ufunc can be created for a given kind .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  pulls   callback
truth:  pulls   variant

test:  download an flowgram or download an error from the language .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test retrieving a stim channel .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  fix types to load all module __file__ .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  return a list of project names .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  range in the given period and end in the given range .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  return   standardises
truth:  return   period

test:  get error on error dhcp_option_id lookup .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  error   dos
truth:  error   search

test:  find all storage directories to return the storage repository .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   commit
truth:  return   repository

test:  it does upgrade a dependency does upgrade it already satisfies the requirements .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  does   list
truth:  does   dependency

test:  add intersections of the loop with the loops .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  check to see if the target already exists .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   forgets
truth:  unmount   filesystem

test:  convert a numpy/scipy .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  takes   access
truth:  takes   url

test:  get a clipped loop path path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   lets
truth:  encoding   handler

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   knapsack
truth:  raise   request

test:  checks if a given shell is a shell for use with a given needed to check for the current remote host .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  updates viewpoint metadata .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  return a list of available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  render the code of the appropriate search result .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  dispatches   reported
truth:  dispatches   function

test:  extract a single comment from a list of tokens .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  return the orbits for the group that are stored in the bsgs .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return true iff the given html generated from an html string .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  print   fitnesse
truth:  print   events

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns a list of free with free parameters .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  alternate shell text .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  returns true if name is hidden or file .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  import a list of beautifulsoup trees and return a list of beautifulsoup .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  find the cover of a container .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  print a list of notification notification .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   solve
truth:  print   settings

test:  a function to build a single string in the tree .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  format the environment for the given package enc .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  pass   instantiate
truth:  pass   arguments

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns the schema namespace and all validation objects .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  generate a authentication token .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an exception if the original resource class is not a custom v1 .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media library list created with a certain view .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  get   wheather
truth:  get   library

test:  given a list of paths .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  given   coupling
truth:  given   target

test:  return a mongodb connection object .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  grab   revoked
truth:  grab   details

test:  get the the loop from the loop .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   recognize
truth:  get   centers

test:  capitalize the string at input .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  test if we have a container .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   resulting
truth:  disable   workers

test:  provide a set of all available namespaces .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  provide   makes
truth:  provide   namespaces

test:  fetches all of the students which contains due to a particular student in studio .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  display   bring
truth:  display   page

test:  compute the linear unit and forward the matrix along the dimension .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  get absolute path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   executed
truth:  increments   dictionary

test:  given a file or integer value .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  return   parsefile
truth:  return   descriptor

test:  show information about a specific selinux cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  update symlink with the path to the correct directories .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  update   consisting
truth:  update   link

test:  execute the designated module in the __main__ namespace note that the executed for the given module is stored in the now to the correct shell namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  display a dialog .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  display   shared
truth:  display   string

test:  not exists .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  scan for format_list(extract_stack) in the system and return a list of paths that are supported by the coordinates .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  comparable case entities that are reported by the decoratee .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  go   review
truth:  go   keys

test:  url to parse default agent tests to a testcase .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  create   turn
truth:  create   case

test:  is it an empty body .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add a file to the internal attachments .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  return an initial connection .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  instantiate   enhanced
truth:  instantiate   object

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   added
truth:  p   p

test:  considering the euclidean distances between x and y .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  overrides msg message to a message .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  check if file does not exist .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a temporary file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  given a survey and a list of networks .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  return a generator for the given index .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  walk   regressiont
truth:  walk   index

test:  return a list of raw statistics for the resource .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  embed an album into an album saved according to the items into the file system .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  grab the name of this script .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  grab   stores
truth:  grab   name

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  complete the rule list .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  complete   switch
truth:  complete   list

test:  performs mesh denoising on a line-by-line .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  safely compute ceil(float_division) .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  order {0 .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  build a form displaying all the questions for a given series_id if the questions are also provided then the responses to each completed question will also be displayed in the
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   r^2
truth:  build   form

test:  convert text to a url-safe url-safe format .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   label
truth:  convert   custom

test:  create a general file from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   mutate
truth:  create   column

test:  given a rule name and targets name targets .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  add   insert
truth:  add   targets

test:  returns an absolute path to a resource if it doesnt exist .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   trimmed
truth:  build   uri

test:  returns the total ports port that is vnc by the specified ports .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  raises an exception if were not a openerp error .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  check   capturing
truth:  check   error

test:  initialize history .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  a simple way for generating purposes .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  restful crud controller for gps waypoints .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a handler for sending resource handlers .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   recompose
truth:  get   carve

test:  helper function for :meth:_publisherapi .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  solves   small_stmts
truth:  solves   line

test:  request a user generated instructor as a background task .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  namespace_scope : test .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters year:int 年度 e .
truth: parameters year:int 年度 e . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  implement the branch of a dbcore variable to use as a list of variables .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  modify   colorized
truth:  modify   context

test:  test a line profile using an ndim=2 image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   plan
truth:  test   profile

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   target_expressing
truth:  delete   question

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert loc to eeg hemisphere .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  capture a responder command .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  select   spawns
truth:  select   endpoint

test:  return a jwt and a contents of a filesystem on the filesystem .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  send translations .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  append   gunicorn
truth:  append   frappe

test:  return the configuration directory to use .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  retrieve a list of valid qos spec for given volume group .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  given   aligns
truth:  given   volume

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  make the first element in the iterable that matches the first element in the item of the objects .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  execute   something

test:  return t and variance of the samples in y cases .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  generate a random string of random characters .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  generates   stores
truth:  generates   name

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  fixture to setup the cpu backend required by running tests .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  test whether a string is according to the current locale .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  prevent   pulls
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  get true if the user input is naive .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  convert integer to long .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  find   linkify
truth:  find   integer

test:  get the value rounded .
truth: get the round . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  initialisation of the patchviewer with given rows and columns .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   wheather
truth:  create   library

test:  get the access flags list from the string .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  transform   translates
truth:  transform   flags

test:  show the system xml to run in the gluster xml tree .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  perform   authorizes
truth:  perform   command

test:  like dict_to .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  computes the spectral centroid between two vectors .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  check if any files are present in the current environment .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  send an email using the taskdef .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  send   enrolls
truth:  send   destination

test:  converts a unix timestamp to a datetime object .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  is   suppresses
truth:  is   seconds

test:  run the geos tests .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  runs   compiles
truth:  runs   suite

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  load   imap
truth:  load   repos

test:  the confidence interval of the local local response .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  pulls   input_fft_v
truth:  pulls   normalization

test:  returns a list of zookeeper locations for the application .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  compute the node boundary for nodes of a node .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  test regression for a regression on a fixed bounds .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  return the allowed list of formats for the allowed .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  checks if the given field is an errors of errors .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  like dict .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  like   crack
truth:  like   _

test:  send a message .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  send a public representation of a public queue .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return the epsilon .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the sync .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  makes sure that the function is actually a clip of spawn .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  checks to see if white is all mount mount .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  generate initial certificates generated by students generated certificates .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  for second weekday .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a document and a given argument .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   bench
truth:  generate   value

test:  checks that the reset methods of a each validator defined by the reset and the reset object is valid .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  check   initialized
truth:  check   notification

test:  temporarily suppress a block .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  given a list of users .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  give   switch
truth:  give   list

test:  send notification about an instance usage notification for a predicative plot .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  return if we are datetime arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  return true iff running on a system .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   flip
truth:  returns   python

test:  execute a prlsrvctl command with the user or the command .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  return a dictionary of the given domain .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  a sane implementation of issubclass .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  is   safe_octal
truth:  is   class

test:  monitor service via monit and monitor information .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  an implementation of bokeh .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  construct   command
truth:  construct   session

test:  write a random text file to disk .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   unparsing
truth:  write   git

test:  generate wrapper for the current instance .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  tell tell after tell .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  tell   pulls
truth:  tell   null

test:  waits until a specific predicate has been reached .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   suppresses
truth:  wait   seconds

test:  validates the value of an instance .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of available instance sizes .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete an elasticsearch elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  check if python interpreter was installed on python version .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  checks if the given node is a valid node .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  setup the netatmo devices .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  returns true if the given node is super from the node .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  yaml: scan-build send the jenkins :jenkins-wiki version number to the build status .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  extract the current migration version .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a controller to a list .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  validate a logger .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   define
truth:  validate   path

test:  mock site .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return version of pysqlite cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  write a fake fingerprint .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce postorder nodes from a depth-first-search or dictionary of nodes in depth-first-search .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   increase
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  parses the best matches .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  matches   pulls
truth:  matches   null

test:  square root of a tensor .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  square   intialize
truth:  square   root

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name for a graph resource .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  create a virtual machine on the instance .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian angle in for a 3' about a particular axis .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  computes   file
truth:  computes   rotation

test:  directional movement index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the branchreturn setting for the given request .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  returns   branch

test:  consume the iterator .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  consume   pulls
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a json representation .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  coerce   yield
truth:  coerce   bool

test:  perform a mostfunc .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  blocking isend .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  blocking   raises
truth:  blocking   send

test:  given a thing .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  pulls   mignotte
truth:  pulls   things

test:  return the tidy fragment in a document .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  pulls   gzip
truth:  pulls   markup

test:  generate coordinates of pixels in coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   capa
truth:  generate   circle

test:  try to determine if a process with pid is running under pid .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  check   snaps
truth:  check   pid

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get a storage instance from a cached class .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  loads and commits the virtual server to be installed .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  installs   forwards
truth:  installs   image

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  get from a package into the bootstrap package .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   forgot
truth:  bootstrap   project

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  get the sqlite3 options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a gaussian image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   smash
truth:  compute   corner

test:  a helper function for upper compatibility .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  pulls   rolls
truth:  pulls   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  download initial file or directory if not present .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  create a sorted list of strings from a given model .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  make a template class for attribute *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   safe_octal
truth:  make   class

test:  checks if the given filename matches the given template file .
truth: test if . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  add an object to a user .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  expands routes .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  neighbor class decorator .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  get the default yarncluster .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  sets modified modified on the type of the object .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  sets   enhanced
truth:  sets   object

test:  gets the snmp server and returns a tuple of responses .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  retrieve   pending
truth:  retrieve   default

test:  find an stanza of plugin using the plugin dictionary .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  associate   enhanced
truth:  associate   object

test:  signals in python structure of look for all pep8 violations .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  find a file in the given path .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  looks   wanted
truth:  looks   filename

test:  convert a byte string to a bytestring .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   gauss
truth:  converts   strings

test:  return a string containing the python implementation .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  get an inner response from the proxied .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  splits divide to list of sequences parameters divide : list of relation or scalar .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  divide   packed
truth:  divide   chunks

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  copy keys to their percent-encoding .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  emit   forbid
truth:  emit   options

test:  connect to a server and wait for ssl connections .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  connect to a function that ignores extra information .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  enables   roundrobin
truth:  enables   application

test:  get event list on media list items the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  get the line number of the statement that are debugging .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  delete a topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   stops
truth:  delete   topic

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  decorator that adds a test as a skip with a given span .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute the homogeneity and completeness for the given score .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  definition : type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  replaces all select multiple spaces with a pound character (#) followed by a new line ( requirement: * mysql 4 .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  get the cubic loop path from the path .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  formats a time in seconds since the epoch as a string .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  adapted   pulls
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   resulting
truth:  get   workers

test:  attempts to prefix a path name of the file that may be a valid prefix .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  apply   default
truth:  apply   part

test:  differentiate and evaluate a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  check a precision vector is positive-definite and positive-definite .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   cleaning
truth:  check   matrix

test:  update the repository info provided in the provided file .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  generate   populating
truth:  generate   info

test:  given a path to a matches the shape of the input values .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  m is an array with --uptodate integer and a symmetric matrix parameters x : array_like .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  given   parameterize
truth:  given   integers

test:  a simple 500 handler based on the baseline 500 .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  make sure that the given context is currently logged in it context .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  get the default group type .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  sends an email using djangos send_mail functionality .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   enumerator_list
truth:  send   confirmation

test:  add an unused template to the selinux options .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  adds   utf-8
truth:  adds   argument

test:  returns boolean array of mandlebrot in a set of values as values .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  like os .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  reads all images in a given folder .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   indicating
truth:  reads   images

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  convert a file to a pdf directory name .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  decode a instance into a loop and a loop .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  build   derive
truth:  build   templates

test:  load named entry from the given directory .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  test if task is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  determine   fake
truth:  determine   load

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of test values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  return iterator over the http response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  return true if the specified activity type has activities .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  calls an opener to read the username and search for whose content is an opener .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  authenticates   allocate
truth:  authenticates   user

test:  returns a pyobject from the given base type .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  returns the environment used on the device .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  get paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  extract all flags from a future .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  return   translates
truth:  return   flags

test:  returns true if s looks like a python object .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this functions serves up the url to check for a given course .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the csort objects that can be csort .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  test basic macro .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  quote the resolver .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  arg   dtype
truth:  arg   arg

test:  return the cache object in cache for the specified function .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  caching   maps
truth:  caching   locations

test:  list all the themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  returns the list of results from a debug file .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  formats an counters to be tested as long to be tested as amount .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  convert   rising
truth:  convert   group

test:  on windows boxes that should not be valid .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  repeat arrays along an axis .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  repeat   eliminates
truth:  repeat   elements

test:  return the package owners for each package .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  determine   simplifies
truth:  determine   packages

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  parse the server/portal restart status .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   clones
truth:  parse   server

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   pulls
truth:  notify   null

test:  append the text to the literal scope .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  append   supports
truth:  append   text

test:  get the version of the repository .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  get the globally name for the given clsid .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  read messages from the stream .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  expected params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  formats a time using localization formatting .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   disables
truth:  formats   datetime

test:  plist : seen_union | ruleitem | testlist .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  return list of fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  return   flow
truth:  return   fields

test:  reset the specified warnings .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  resets   pulls
truth:  resets   null

test:  return the a suitable host for the given scheme .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  generate random filename if it exists .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  install this package if not installed .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  mark   work
truth:  mark   install

test:  gets an array of strings from the given module .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  verifies that the supplied key matches the supplied key .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   shared
truth:  verifies   string

test:  decorator to ensure that the current user is hit by a given user .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  coerce a field_name to a tuple that can be a single indexer .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  coerce   restrict
truth:  coerce   array

test:  close a file descriptor to list to be closed in close to this process .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  run a command .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  show   offset
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator to wrap a function to receive and update order .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  converts a boolean tree representation to a stream .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  return boolean series/array whether given pattern/regex is contained in each string in the series/index .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   decide
truth:  find   groups

test:  get sjson as already exists .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   lookup
truth:  generate   speed

test:  returns the unique markup dict for the given markup and display name .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  gets the user settings for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  load the compiler config file into example .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  load an object from the file .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  processing a table .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drops   shutdown
truth:  drops   tables

test:  returns the initial folder in the case of the installing file .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  rendered   storing
truth:  rendered   template

test:  reduce the given inputs to a collection of missing values .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extracts   bench
truth:  extracts   value

test:  test the sample data .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  visualize   declared
truth:  visualize   samples

test:  returns true if user is a contributor user .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  return a list of pid pid of data .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  parses an event .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the states of facet facet for a given facet .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  returns html representation of the section in the given section .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  get the vsphere class object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  decorator for concrete decorator .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  poll a lock from a lk .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  pulls   constructs
truth:  pulls   lock

test:  generates a current processlist" that formats the given non-english and the middle .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  if the watch module has a specific value .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   shed
truth:  given   exception

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  test for commutativity a static matrix .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  see :meth: .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  returns a list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  convert a path to a dotted name .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   wanted
truth:  convert   filename

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  testing and singletons the cli example: .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  used   config_modified
truth:  used   imports

test:  delete the minion key .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns the binary xor of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  multiplies two matrices .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  make   initalize
truth:  make   k

test:  get ports and security ports ids from a port .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  get   responds
truth:  get   database

test:  sci the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   forwards
truth:  set   image

test:  validate the password against our password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   been
truth:  validate   format

test:  convert obj to a datetime object .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  run unit tests .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  returns the list of all supported on this platform .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  returns   trailing
truth:  returns   flag

test:  get an work or attribute of an object given an object .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  generator for the arma module-level level .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  removes markdown contents from text .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  unescapes   supports
truth:  unescapes   text

test:  handles the node removing the first child characters in the tree .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  enforce   test
truth:  enforce   split

test:  convert unique termgraph list to display primary documents .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  compute image array of targets .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test the behavior of automatic after a package .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  write a file in csv format and write them to a file in csv format .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  identify   cutting
truth:  identify   writer

test:  test that the empty string works .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure that its possible to pretty print out .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate all possible differences in statistic .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  pulls   attached
truth:  pulls   statistic

test:  adds a new event to the given unit .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  add   shifted
truth:  add   units

test:  concatenate an array of arrays into a list of its index .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  split   restrict
truth:  split   array

test:  decode python unicode string and further into unicode .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  like   reported
truth:  like   function

test:  get the list of tables from the given signal and signal .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  decorator factory to create a decorator for methods whose content or content for the given content for backwards .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  classify matrix to the confusion matrix .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  strip markdown characters from markdown .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  render   pass
truth:  render   document

test:  return a job id and prepare the jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  execute the vertex evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  the whole information related to the specified target .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  returns a 4-tuple of all paths in the given kind .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  processes all .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  log   request
truth:  log   control

test:  change the t records that need to be created by cobbler id .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  enables   emit
truth:  enables   access

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  takes   executed
truth:  takes   dictionary

test:  test plotting cache .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  test   decorating
truth:  test   log

test:  multiply the stride dimension of a dimension .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  fix   pulls
truth:  fix   null

test:  test grouping structure .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  output   parsed
truth:  output   widgets

test:  call to parse out the path to an top-level user .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   barcodes
truth:  run   http

test:  find primary keys .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  trims trims trims coordinates to the boundary .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  apply   visit
truth:  apply   padding

test:  gets a progress string tag .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get the ecobee notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return a generator that match the signature of the strings in the registry .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   undoes
truth:  return   routes

test:  gives a list of powers and a schema .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   providing
truth:  returns   tensor

test:  creates an atom for the given service .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  processes   access
truth:  processes   url

test:  get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  makes an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   evaluate
truth:  return   clip

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  generate all example models .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  return a file path relative to the package and return the repository .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get quota usage dirty bit for a given resource and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  create a task that will create a port with the vlan tags from the port .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  open file with given mode .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   removes
truth:  open   gzip

test:  given the standard deviation .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   tear
truth:  doctest   module

test:  list available own own own .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  removes the string remove from the right of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   centers
truth:  extract   labels

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  process the information from the selected file .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add the given members to the group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  a decorator that gets the svgtext http connection only for use distributed server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  adds an xml element to the text list .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  add   optdict
truth:  add   lines

test:  creates an istree object for a python object .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  predicate   remounts
truth:  predicate   obj

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  return spectrogram .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  call sampling on an sampling .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  input   injects
truth:  input   utility

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  load a movie from a movie .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  load   assemble
truth:  load   movie

test:  get the shortcut associated with a given name .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  attempt to parse a command and send it to a program .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  add the given number of space characters to the beginning of every non-blank line in string .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indent   reported
truth:  indent   function

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  add a tenant to the given tenant .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  returns a string representing the zpool data on the minion .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  provide   undo
truth:  provide   grains

test:  get the current tidy for the current thread .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  release   enhanced
truth:  release   object

test:  view function that creates a new user for the current request and stores it in the context as an anonymous user .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the camera .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  remove an attribute from an instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  delete   bench
truth:  delete   value

test:  osrandom flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  change   translates
truth:  change   flags

test:  return the version of the named package(s) .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  wrap request .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  add   surrounding
truth:  add   processor

test:  require a opkg package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   looping
truth:  require   node

test:  get the percentage of the elliptic .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like decimal but convert lists to a local fixed .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a byte string of the supplied bytes .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  check if origin contains trailing entries .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  return image information from a file as an image parameters fname : str url or filepath to read extra files .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  returns the name of the script .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  get the fallback configuration value from section .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  generate pseudorandom token .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generates   guvectorize
truth:  generates   oauth

test:  version of newly .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  pulls   coupling
truth:  pulls   target

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  escape   access
truth:  escape   url

test:  a decorator to save the method of the database .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  pulls   restore
truth:  pulls   cdf

test:  returns a multi-dimensional structure with the given shape .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  iterate   homebrew_packages
truth:  iterate   structure

test:  get the major:minor line of text .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  same as a[b] = b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs a datastructure on a web subscription .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  return whether line is a single line .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns the size of a field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  extract   sparks
truth:  extract   number

test:  send information about the request .
truth: index handler . 
test:  index   lets
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  find a 3d covariance matrix using the given z .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  solve   estimates
truth:  solve   squares

test:  decorator to get/set a function to be used as a does this function allows you to support context .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  set location of option .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  sets   transliterate
truth:  sets   variable

test:  turn a list of dictionaries into a single dictionary .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   svn
truth:  merge   dicts

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  return the salt api for the passed api .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  cast an object to the json type .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  list the policies from the specified principal returns a list of principal principal objects cli example: .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   isolate
truth:  list   policies

test:  returns true if both operations and system is visible .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get string with keywords .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  retrieve   results
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  returns the right hash for a given comment field .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  is the ith mocking mocking .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  running   flip
truth:  running   python

test:  check if file contains a bool image .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return output of pythonversion .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  create a responses and rectreeview and return a list of dictionaries .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  is   presents
truth:  is   mapping

test:  routing area update reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic the main axes .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  pulls   believe
truth:  pulls   spline

test:  creates a new decorator for a gifunctioninfo type .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  a smarter to check the cola creates a new describing the files from the main home directory .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  apply   sleep
truth:  apply   files

test:  export csv .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  export   storing
truth:  export   template

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  determines if a given schedule is enabled .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  list   uploading
truth:  list   job

test:  install the specified app to install an existing application id cli example: .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   search
truth:  install   d

test:  get information of the current .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  get libvirt columns for nvp hardware by name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  gather all the elements of a single nodes in a single dimension .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  visit   looping
truth:  visit   node

test:  creates a new parameter schema .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove invalid characters from text .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  clean   comma
truth:  clean   whitespace

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  generic function for validating a boolean .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test whether a path is the samestat .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   process_memory_map
truth:  test   buffers

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  initializes and get a db from the database .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  initializes   responds
truth:  initializes   database

test:  return the configured ssh gateway .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  display a figure to a matplotlib figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  get   localize
truth:  get   reference

test:  return a mane instance for the given settings .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  detects image labels in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  creates a sax .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  analyzes the document arguments: tex_root -- the tex path to the tex root as a string .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  resource headers for flexible use in catalog .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  combine two files .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  check for missing hyphen .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  deserialize any pickleable structure and sign it using the serialized secret .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  deserialize   bench
truth:  deserialize   value

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  returns python objects for the given json string .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  return a list of the loaded module names on the system .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test the output of a thread .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator for hadoop methods .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  function   unbinds
truth:  function   exceptions

test:  validate privileges to the privileges or comments are of the types that the type of the supplied type .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validate   theorem
truth:  validate   privileges

test:  add variables to variables .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  outputs   generating
truth:  outputs   shell

test:  starts the total teardown teardown .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  quit   equate
truth:  quit   browser

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  initialize the sigmoid world if constant is a bias .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  kill the process .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translate a sequence of dotted chunks into the appropriate one .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  creates   reallocation
truth:  creates   collection

test:  parses an http date format and returns a tuple with the content extracted from the given date .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 1 .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   evacuate
truth:  computes   precision

test:  compares a single repo and return self .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  resolves   whitelisted
truth:  resolves   repo

test:  tests whether the user have complete to run complete .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  derive the whole file from the jobs page .
truth: process one link . 
test:  process   consisting
truth:  process   link

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  interface to git-merge(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to the path to the git checkout opts : false .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  print the shell alias of the given alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  prints   generating
truth:  prints   shell

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using detects links .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that latex/aastex function works .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  utility function to retrieve a list of active bytes from the supplied header string .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  detect   assume
truth:  detect   header

test:  convert the integer types to an integer .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  calculates histogram of the tensor with the given number of dimensions .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  split alignment alignment for start alignment .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  a version of repo .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  removes the dlls descriptor from the directory and removing trailing objects .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  what a terrible failure! .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  runs a wsgi-function with an scgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   reported
truth:  runs   function

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  test the start= display hook .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  fetches the login form and returns the response .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  message to publish a message .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a user structure with the given user_id .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  utility function to format the master and defining a lists of patches args: patches : the result to format to format .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  pulls   works
truth:  pulls   selection

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merges   leaves
truth:  merges   dictionaries

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  test to ensure that datasets correctly set up the datasets .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  do not allow a datastream to be moved to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   login_required
truth:  do   removal

test:  returns a authentication handler for authorization to the user .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  deal with proj changed .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  deal   called
truth:  deal   proj

test:  reset the screen attempts to the current thread .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   empty
truth:  reset   attempts

test:  returns the path to the s3cache directory of the display directory the display cache to the cache file .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  check whether a directory in subjects_dir is an mri subject directory .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get a hash value by the given llvm and llvm .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  frees a list of audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  copy specific helper function to a list of ip addresses .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  update import record in tasks .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  a decorator that acquires a thread lock .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  given   fixes
truth:  given   manager

test:  return a string to replace entry in start with entry .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  function   inform
truth:  function   entry

test:  convert a string to a dotted bytes .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  function   zdt3
truth:  function   converts

test:  get list of features by csp .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start the modbus server and run a udp modbus server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  benchmark the number of configuration['n .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  run   rounds
truth:  run   benchmark

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument passed in a sequence of unicode strings is turned into a unicode object .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  put a list of recently published blog posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   made
truth:  put   authors

test:  check that rvs variables include discrete variables defined in an environment variables .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   guess
truth:  check   vars

test:  set the current localectl parameters .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  use   authorizes
truth:  use   command

test:  returns a casts object based on the given type and values .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  determines   bootstraps
truth:  determines   callable

test:  checks that the poolclient is not loaded .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  checks   hash
truth:  checks   flow

test:  pass the result of a source file to a permission .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  test io with valid io .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   emulates
truth:  test   reading

test:  returns a decorator that takes a domain and calls it .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  create an exception object from a datastore error .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  test transformations .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  get a value from a deploy_info .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  detect   teardown
truth:  detect   type

test:  lists all zones .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  lists   resamples
truth:  lists   zones

test:  encode missing object missing entries in .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  safe function to predict .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  remove an element from f in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  recursively move a file or a directory to another .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  checks for valid dna characters in mapping fields also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or barcodes checks for bs4 as errors and suppress
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  generator that yields all lines in a sequence .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  yield   tz_localize
truth:  yield   seq

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  view function to add an anonymous confirm to an anonymous user .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  normalizes a time string to a given unit .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   simulating
truth:  normalize   input

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   video

test:  checks if the specified package is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  config file for ovf zone .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  create the verify stale file .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  reads a base64 encoded string and returns a base64 encoded text as a base64 encoded string .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  visualize   batch
truth:  visualize   code

test:  does *cluster* contain any percent-escape format .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  detects   pulls
truth:  detects   null

test:  normalizes bilinear kernel .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  get syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   spyders
truth:  get   scheme

test:  looks to see if xbps-install is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  looks   fires
truth:  looks   mdata

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  perform the multicomparison .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  upgrade   pulls
truth:  upgrade   null

test:  only work on solaris based systems .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  test function that creates a layer with the state and state note that 2 work correctly .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  calls the specified urls .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  entry point to the master icinga2 node .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  parse the corner layers .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  waits for a system to become active or waits .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  blocks   wake
truth:  blocks   msg

test:  returns the ansi escape that style object .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  colorize   randomise
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  return dataframe code :股票代码 name :股票名称 odate:上市日期 tdate:终止上市日期 .
truth: return dataframe code :股票代码 name :股票名称 odate:上市日期 tdate:终止上市日期 . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  load project path from entity .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  load   raising
truth:  load   docker

test:  make matched text number .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  returns a list of files that are not a dictionary of member to be returned .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  return an contents of the single formula .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  formatting   label
truth:  formatting   custom

test:  return true if the cell contains a successful node .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  return   flattens
truth:  return   output

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  checks if promo is a promo .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  print out the label portion of a datum .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  visit the signal handler of a process .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a group type .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  list available cluster verbose .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  return   joins
truth:  return   cluster

test:  list installed perl modules .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  good for a task .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   mount
truth:  wait   task

test:  be a character sequence as a string .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  save an image .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   forwards
truth:  save   image

test:  redirects the next page to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  formats a date for a single initial tag .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  run a command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  exception data replace warning of code .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  formats the pipeline changes to changed .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  format   loads
truth:  format   changes

test:  parses review board events and returns a tuple .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  takes a background tag and returns it .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a sequence of seqs tuples or image seqs .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  checks   identify
truth:  checks   alignment

test:  tests a slugify where yaml_src is .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  retrieves the old document from a raw document or a dict .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  compute the average osx application .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  stops service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  set proxy fact if not already present in facts dict args: facts : existing facts returns: facts .
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  set   object
truth:  set   facts

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   downloading
truth:  declare   package

test:  returns true if a process with pid is running under .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  gets info on search entities from the current search and the search .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  displaying   understemmed
truth:  displaying   results

test:  test to make sure that the html column passed in cd 2 columns if the html parameter is false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  check if a mysql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  redirect to assess/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  redirect   replace
truth:  redirect   create

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the number of exponent that represents the specified length .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  return a path to the directory .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  a decorator to memoize a method on a given host/time .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  update a user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  get taxa table info for an otu table .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  yield file name of a resource on a given resource .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  yield   labeled
truth:  yield   file

test:  returns a unicode description object .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  load   encapsulate
truth:  load   instance

test:  a context manager to set the source output when importing .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  convert   capturing
truth:  convert   error

test:  given a factory that returns a list of auth auth factory .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  find   link
truth:  find   factory

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  try   unparsing
truth:  try   git

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  hashes a private key to private key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns a dict like proxies .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  test for issue #878 .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a json dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   debugging
truth:  convert   dataset

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  invalidate cached unit tests .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  update   translates
truth:  update   flags

test:  creates a new response with an application .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update objects on a project .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  update   tile
truth:  update   information

test:  translation_unit : external_declaration .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  expand the user-specified 5 method into a string .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  extract the current volume info .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  test that you can add keys and completely ids to the correct number .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  run a single command .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  get the list of zones that are on the system .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  retrieve   relabel
truth:  retrieve   availability

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  square-free square-free part of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  try to run a python script from the system version return the python script .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   instantiate
truth:  return   arguments

test:  returns a tuple of the latest non-rc version .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  list   unmap
truth:  list   descriptors

test:  a factory that returns the name of a dictionary .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  decorator to mark a function as not a receive on a specific context .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  compute an initial normal sosfilt for the given axis .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  filter   overriding
truth:  filter   dimension

test:  test the module .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  prints the header value of the the the the header line .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  undo the configuration from redis configuration returns what has changed .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  undo   loads
truth:  undo   changes

test:  convert string into a python string with format and the string representation .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  call priority of python command with arguments .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  reads in a stream of text data .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  look   barcodes
truth:  look   http

test:  adds an etag to template .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   shared
truth:  wraps   string

test:  computes the unnormalized mean of the current linux distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  format a object for a boolean for a requirement error messages .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne task .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  runs the auth source file .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  runs   initialize
truth:  runs   importer

test:  returns the system/os node .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  get an rrset address for a tag .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  returns   instanticates
truth:  returns   releases

test:  finds contiguous true if it is contiguous .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create and def .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  find a known file .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  return the leading degree of f .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  return all the distributions of all the available configuration .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  compare function for top versions of representable .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compares   returned
truth:  compares   numbers

test:  estimate dictionaries for an array of column tests .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  start   decide
truth:  start   groups

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  returns   suppresses
truth:  returns   seconds

test:  compute timeseries array for a timeseries and part of the longitude method .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  extracts tuples from a string of a url .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return the number of initial number formatted for a specific locale .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  remove tags from a resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   unpause
truth:  remove   elasticache

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  compute normalized phase on numpy arrays .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  ? ? a list of strings to true or strings .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  convert   caused
truth:  convert   return

test:  read a byte array from a thrift array .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  check if we have peer access ? .
truth: always load . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  add an unique id to uuid .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  create a new instance refs .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  discrete a dataframe to be the resources this function is called depending on the client .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  current audio output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  selects   tear
truth:  selects   module

test:  test installing from a double requirements .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  converts a string to a binary string .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  project notification view .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  have   applying
truth:  have   placeholder

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  returns true if data is a text and false .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return a list of the sdk of the x-axis .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  returns returns a tuple of valid rate limits as integer generates of the purchase .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get a prefixloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  reset the cuda app .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  this view is a ampersands to *exprs .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  transform   minimize
truth:  transform   theano

test:  return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  computes the n standard deviation .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  return the list of certificates of trust certs .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  gzip encoded data decode data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  detect if the given function node is decorator for the given subtype .
truth: function type . 
test:  function   teardown
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  pulls   renew
truth:  pulls   indent

test:  get all metadef namespaces as a list .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  simple log .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  make   broken
truth:  make   syslog

test:  returns the file or directory that is not a valid location for the following extension *fileext* .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return the path to the caffe platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  sends   maintain
truth:  sends   mail

test:  unload all of the two sequences .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  turn string into rational number of teardrop indices to send in the same way as the argparse number .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  like certain regionalize .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  creates a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  returned an sqlite connection to the device .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  show the details of an instance .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  get   stderr
truth:  get   machine

test:  returns a prefix to prefix based on the provided handlers .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  make console output from the sys .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed into an gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   trimmed
truth:  return   uri

test:  get the parent version of an parent .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  returns   fetches
truth:  returns   parent

test:  check if the object is a projection level .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the checksum for a particular package .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  gets text descriptions that was detected in the image .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   supports
truth:  gets   text

test:  wait for a vm to be done .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  pulls   hostname
truth:  pulls   vm

test:  write the special html file object to output_dir this function is used for the test html .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   pinned_array
truth:  output   execution

test:  write items to the new line containing the path to the correct line .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  append   enhance
truth:  append   items

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if 2 and calculate the p-value in the series of the series since this function is farther than or equal to the average of the series
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  return hosts and correct version .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  get the spherical vector3 unit angle from 1 .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  specify language names .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  returns   advance
truth:  returns   title

test:  reads the given file path and returns its contents .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  iterates over an object by its fixed code .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  remove file from db .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  exempt@process view of a sample .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  extract   contructs
truth:  extract   sample

test:  retrieves the cinder backup for the given volume .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   implementing
truth:  connect   management

test:  test bem gui .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  import all submodules and get them from the provided module .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   rel_path
truth:  import   submodules

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   reported
truth:  expose   function

test:  add titles to each of the provided rows .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  rows   track
truth:  rows   top

test:  read text from file return the given string .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  reads   pulls
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  convert the function to html .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  renders   digs
truth:  renders   html

test:  helper function to check if the wrapped function has a single argument .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  checks   overlay
truth:  checks   func

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  read an ipv6 address from the specified ipv6 address .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  create an image object from a png .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  coupling with a default convolution of impulse .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   overrides
truth:  coupling   channel

test:  check if a domain is an ioerror .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  returns   added
truth:  returns   p

test:  unflag unflag page .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  yaml: tie this plug-in allows you to define "weight" on each build pages builds example: .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  read a filename .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  reconstruct   usage_key_string
truth:  reconstruct   view

test:  set an environment variable .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  check a result method .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  when useless is fixed .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  remove   r^2
truth:  remove   form

test:  return a list of pattern whether each string in the series/index .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  filter an image of a binary image .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  noise   saving
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an recordings <url .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  set up gui for a synchronous api .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   pads
truth:  setup   stubs

test:  for setting the given tex site parameters texture : int .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   pulls
truth:  draw   null

test:  test pip pip pip show command .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  expect   simplifies
truth:  expect   packages

test:  utility function that takes a list of strings and attempts to find the names of the notes .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  handle a user-milestone auth from a requests or handle and return an anonymous user object .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  simple function used to start a message after a given celery .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  view   polishing
truth:  view   celery

test:  get geometry output by paths from paths .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  apply filtering data for the filters .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  apply   printing
truth:  apply   locale

test:  download an archive for a given extension/version .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  previous samples in the previous zone .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  expected   rrmgr
truth:  expected   threshold

test:  write fiducials to a fif file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  send a test to test the writing of stage .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  send   mounted
truth:  send   end

test:  test for multiprocessing info .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   tile
truth:  test   information

test:  extract the launchpad teams namespace uri from the given openid message .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   guessing
truth:  extract   namespace

test:  extract tensorflow distance in the relaxed space .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  save line easy_install .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  respond   assure
truth:  respond   challenge

test:  create a list of members and return a list of flocker .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  list   debugging
truth:  list   dataset

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  add   shared
truth:  add   string

test:  return the progress dataset class .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  get   monkeypatches
truth:  get   bar

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  publish to an mqtt topic .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  builds the object spec object spec .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  copies the file system on the partition <from-minor> to partition <to-minor> .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  removes   sparks
truth:  removes   number

test:  return a list of dictionaries of available ports cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   isolate
truth:  return   policies

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is available .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  fake image .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  fakes   persist
truth:  fakes   upload

test:  returns the out-degree integer part of the gamma or matrix n .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  pulls   pocsuite
truth:  pulls   n

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  extended   alignment
truth:  extended   section

test:  find the optimal numbers in a 2d row .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  test key_dependency validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   plan
truth:  export   profile

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an object .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  creates a directory tree system .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  start the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  stop   encapsulate
truth:  stop   instance

test:  parse intra-community ticket .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  returns none if the user is drafts .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  get   forwards
truth:  get   image

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  creates a new feed object from the site feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  creates   urlencode
truth:  creates   item

test:  filter handlers from all autoscale documents within filters .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  pass   obj
truth:  pass   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  a generator for the python directory .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  yield   unlocking
truth:  yield   source

test:  autocovariance autocovariance function signature as strings but instead of innovation .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  test either if an error is raised while a wrong type of nn is given .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns the version of onionshare that is the python version .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup the sonarr sensor platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  convert an rgb image to colour color space .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  traverse a document or list of paths into a dictionary .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  traverse   switch
truth:  traverse   list

test:  user edit .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   customized
truth:  create   salt

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write all registered xmoduledescriptor js and coffee files .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   receiving
truth:  write   js

test:  create and be used after a fixed-size object .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  add a list of lists to the provided parser .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  is   pending
truth:  is   default

test:  reload the csf configuration cli example: .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  restart   embedded
truth:  restart   example

test:  sorts the user in the currently selected email address .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generates the current mean from a mysql server .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   declared
truth:  generate   samples

test:  decorator to will check the docstring without the function .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  pulls   dst
truth:  pulls   c

test:  extracts messages from a document and output message .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  return a random port on localhost and localhost .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  get   receives
truth:  get   port

test:  logs out user from home page .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  logout   lets
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read the length bytes from a file starting at offset .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  return a list of tuples in the given dir .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clone a vdi and returns the result .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a powerlaw distribution .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  generate an authentication token .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flatten a nested sequence .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  build an http state object .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  composes   bench
truth:  composes   value

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  take a given service and connect to an md5 hash .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  list all of the arguments in an item or raise an exception if the list passed in .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  executable -> str return the path to the appropriate os x among the executable to be running .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   retweet
truth:  return   pass

test:  returns true if version is a valid string .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  determine whether parameters users in a function .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  filter   optdict
truth:  filter   lines

test:  copy a palette with color colors .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  n344 - dont use default .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   generate
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the communication between this process and the call .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  dot product of a network device .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  render   publish
truth:  render   graph

test:  remove a job from the current database .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  strips a string for use in a template .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  remove   small_stmts
truth:  remove   line

test:  returns true when creating old significant f[x] are robust .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  check   thinks
truth:  check   issue

test:  generate lists of systemd command to use for /usr/share/ from templates .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  generate   small_stmts
truth:  generate   line

test:  returns the escaped html with ampersands .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function is the future version of the block .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  is   extract
truth:  is   version

test:  retrieve all enabled user groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   decide
truth:  retrieve   groups

test:  try to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   digs
truth:  output   html

test:  shuffle the list of nodes in the provided list .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  shuffle   switch
truth:  shuffle   list

test:  get the smtp setting for the provided server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the part of the with the given cc-wiki .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  get the login sender for the application .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  take   relying
truth:  take   login

test:  run all the files in a text according to the given number of files in data .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  forgot username to forgot user .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  look   text
truth:  look   username

test:  parses a string containing the boolean values .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  parse   unquoting
truth:  parse   environment

test:  given a directory .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  determine the reviewer for the current user .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   spawns
truth:  returns   endpoint

test:  redirect to a url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  raise a message if the attempt is an empty string .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  filter elements from the given probvec .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   ban
truth:  return   probability

test:  check if user is admin of the admin group name the name to check for this group .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  get the percentage of relative images from the pressure sensor .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  list the tags available on the given user .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  returns   drawing
truth:  returns   tags

test:  return the gateway associated with the passed account .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  return   restart
truth:  return   account

test:  get the last element in the line passed .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  look   named
truth:  look   z

test:  linear unit function .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  compute   uncheck
truth:  compute   element

test:  get source and set a source object .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  returns   mock
truth:  returns   translation

test:  returns a snippet of snippet to be used for use on scaling parameters use of solve solve .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  builds   skipped
truth:  builds   use

test:  converts a datetime object to a csl .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  given   disables
truth:  given   datetime

test:  checks that value is non-empty and of the right value .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return list of all continuation .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  display   currents
truth:  display   state

test:  check to see if an apache key exists .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  check if the server address begins by default and secret .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  another deprecated method .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   induce
truth:  deprecated   testing

test:  computes the quantize statistic on a test of multivariate distribution .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  display a gcode linear move file .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  parse   retrive
truth:  parse   checks

test:  raise skiptemplate .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  check that the left and right sparsedataframe are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the profile from the gcode text as a gcode file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  write   smooth
truth:  write   vector

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport simple but with the viewport text .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   digs
truth:  test   html

test:  warn() should print a single db_string .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   labeled
truth:  -   file

test:  validates the function under the class .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  defines   float
truth:  defines   decorator

test:  clean up the module called when the current process ends .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  strategy for deleting an inner web service .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  pulls   terminate
truth:  pulls   password

test:  gets the most recent data for the user to retrieve all online exceptions and stores it in the referenced context .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  check for a string format .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  queries the pyzmq token for a directive token .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the input range and force-reload events .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  with_settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  builds   protects
truth:  builds   args

test:  try to apply an http connection to an ~ssl instance .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  add a mock counter to the hadoop .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove content from the provided content if it exists and returns a single string .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  executes an api method call and executes the request object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   drops
truth:  executes   call

test:  fill a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  fill   supports
truth:  fill   text

test:  with a new consisting of a sound .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the platform dependent application directory .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  print a stack trace file for debugging information .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  dump   applied
truth:  dump   trace

test:  return the path to a module for the given module .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  look   restoring
truth:  look   data

test:  remove the named container from the container .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   satisfy
truth:  remove   container

test:  declaration_specifiers : storage_class_specifier declarator semi .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  abort()s operations on the front of a the front format based on the non-negative conv2d order .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  update   sparks
truth:  update   number

test:  a view function that returns an salts response .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  catch   allow
truth:  catch   conditions

test:  generate a random string with bad characters .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  add a user to the group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  convert a zero indexed row and column cell reference to numeric row/col notation .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  read the given float type and return the relevant time .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  for which the named employee for the given employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the html of a layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  clear the zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clear   unescaped
truth:  clear   entries

test:  return the url to download the correct platform .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  compare   talking
truth:  compare   dict

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  utility function to yield chunks from serial into an iterable of chunksize .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns true if given password is a string .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   confine
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a reservation for the given project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate a json representation of the graph g in jit .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  login handler .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  adds an acl group to a group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  decrypt encrypted_data using the cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  enable the gui mode by writing the gui .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  tell   chew
truth:  tell   service

test:  return a list of all tests of the file in which the directory were sorted .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   prettyprint
truth:  get   examples

test:  returns a formatted status code information .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  get a list of new-style classes that have been downloaded from the hadoop file .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   unlocks
truth:  get   lexer

test:  combine two images .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  blend   rescanning
truth:  blend   weights

test:  for a function .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  complete and then complete objects that are close to be validated .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this function does a transaction while setting the event loop to the given dirty flag .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  like cfstr .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  xinetd callables if not already exists .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve certificate from the provider .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  return the union of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  return   tokens
truth:  return   union

test:  convert any input date into a datetime object .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  patch on the config section .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  extract the id from an http response id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  setup the zone .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  signal resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return true if the preserves preserves is less than maximum to be placed .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  return   saved
truth:  return   average

test:  this prompts the group of the current process to group .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  set   search
truth:  set   d

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  named users have the user .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieves the mysql []cur database cli example: .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  return   fails
truth:  return   databases

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   redraw
truth:  add   begin

test:  get all languages suggestions .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  decorator to stop methods in a single space .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save a job .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  pulls   builds
truth:  pulls   minion

test:  recursively deep the keys in a dict .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  extract starting and hexadecimal id from packet .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  utility function to parse counters from an pre result .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   flattening
truth:  parse   field

test:  add an environment path to the environment key .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  add   consisting
truth:  add   link

test:  list tags for a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   unpause
truth:  list   elasticache

test:  warn against warning if fixers is deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  checks   listen
truth:  checks   key

test:  finds the absolute path of the relative behaviour of the matrix to derivative on the relative behaviour of the matrix .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  return a namedtuple of length free .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  returns people following user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  count the number of long strings from codon .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  count   tweak
truth:  count   replacement

test:  only load if vmadm libraries exist .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   pulls
truth:  s   null

test:  gets the timezone and offset of a fixed number .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  returns true if w is a short word .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  pulls   carve
truth:  pulls   word

test:  test inverse of volume .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  get the close to a given object .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  returns l1 and structure of readably ; if l1 is "auth" .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  a method decorator to get the method the method of the given function .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  marks volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  return true if path looks like a file in a system .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  desktop backend should have all es names .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  build flowgrams file from a single mapping file .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  build   forces
truth:  build   flowgrams

test:  get a storageuri by id .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  look   partitions
truth:  look   category

test:  adds a max pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   fonts
truth:  adds   layer

test:  start the shell command and return the output .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  run   modifies
truth:  run   cmd

test:  open an image from a file .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  temporarily apply translate a collection of python objects into a single collection .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  applies   identifies
truth:  applies   plugin

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   inform
truth:  accepts   entry

test:  delete a child zone entry .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  runs the y_pred .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  check   reply
truth:  check   representations

test:  pack unicode object to a bytestring or .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  fix a method name to always return a string .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  fix   step
truth:  fix   names

test:  convert users to a given disk attached to a list of users .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  given   negate
truth:  given   resource

test:  method decorator converts a function into a function .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  unwraps   reported
truth:  unwraps   function

test:  generate a mime message for faux .
truth: convert response . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  create a continuous ratio with no ratio .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  test directed graph for namespaces .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  create   translated
truth:  create   g

test:  a valid release has a release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  test mininet mininet mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   starts
truth:  test   nothing

test:  check whether files based on the device and have a runatload .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  validate the overlap document .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return boolean if given host in host .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  indicates   killed
truth:  indicates   network

test:  generative network to parameterize generative model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  pulls   killed
truth:  pulls   network

test:  launches a view of the current model .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  provides   logged
truth:  provides   dialog

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   sparks
truth:  set   number

test:  create event manager from media list .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  installs the latest requirement command to python .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   patch
truth:  install   requirement

test:  return a wrapper to invoke .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  get   link
truth:  get   factory

test:  main function .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether the given collection should be used .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  checks   reallocation
truth:  checks   collection

test:  reload a module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  initialize a function to be called upon normal program .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  call   satisfy
truth:  call   container

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  dumps all the present in an element to a clean block .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  dump   configured
truth:  dump   tree

test:  returns a list of attachments for the given note .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   blacklisted
truth:  create   attachments

test:  return a valid base64 representation of the same dimension .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  compute   destroy
truth:  compute   dtype

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine dissimilarity between two vectors .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  alter the bottom along the bottom removed from bottom and str() .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  configure config file cli example: .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   urlencode
truth:  set   item

test:  convert text to an kind of ansi color sequences .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  add   match
truth:  add   syntax

test:  runs evaluation .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  set the data dir for the given directory .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  convert an amount to a float number .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   reloads
truth:  converts   amount

test:  constant_expression : lbrace declaration_list timesequal .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  return launchd information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  send a native tag to the top level file system .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  validate and return cpu cpu policy .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns the name of timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   suggests
truth:  returns   timezone

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  compresses virt only .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  pulls   buckets
truth:  pulls   preference

test:  retrieve a user object by its username .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  set/get histogram of a single file and return results based on its contents .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  filtering   locate
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove all non-empty characters from string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  removes   block
truth:  removes   chars

test:  returns a 2-d array of a matrix parameters 1d : str the matlab variable to be returned as an ndarray .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  an empty view .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  check if a firewall is an instance of a cuda gpu .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  is   looping
truth:  is   node

test:  save the current certificate on the specified user .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   rounding
truth:  save   master

test:  search a query to a type that matches the given type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  runs the c c into the production server of the user argument-string that they expect to the map "<value><unit>" .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  like json .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  serialize   aliased
truth:  serialize   json

test:  publish the collection and update the collection with the given user in .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  clipped implementation of the elements in the flat .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   uncheck
truth:  copy   element

test:  utility function to fix a docs that will fix the current thread revisions .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  fixes   decreases
truth:  fixes   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  checks if the given string is a valid code .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  returns   push
truth:  returns   depth

test:  bounce all traffic server nodes on the local node .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   clones
truth:  bounce   server

test:  generic setattr() for integer values .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  returns the n x 1 matrix as a list of values .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  returns   smooth
truth:  returns   vector

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  read a packet .
truth: object factory . 
test:  object   link
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the data from the ansible inventory_file default: /etc/salt/roster .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   insert
truth:  return   targets

test:  delete a user from the group .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  games returns a single game matching the given criteria .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  get vector3 text and svgreader .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to text format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  list all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  formats the given value as a string .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  cycle   exposes
truth:  cycle   values

test:  list all shared folders cli example: .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  list   emit
truth:  list   access

test:  add faces to the parent dictionary .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  converts any given object to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  dynamically import all module in a module .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  assemble   compiles
truth:  assemble   suite

test:  returns true if the named sysv host is enabled to be enabled in the path to the named service .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  pulls   failing
truth:  pulls   style

test:  remove the given certificate store .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  create temporary logger .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  creates   code
truth:  creates   logger

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  process the data for each template in a given dir .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  computes the integer distance .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  escape & .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  check for possible application .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  prints   point
truth:  prints   status

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resizes   aligns
truth:  resizes   volume

test:  returns a list of all possible values of a means .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of subject alternative names from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  wait for the status to reach the status .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  html to be escaped markdown markdown .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  calculate the structure of all images that are assigned to the given image shape .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  mask   launch
truth:  mask   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  pulls   emits
truth:  pulls   definition

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns true if the ipv4 address are valid .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   delayed
truth:  returns   ipv6

test:  deep copy the orm element in a given list .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  remove   doing
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  replace   eventlet
truth:  replace   warning

test:  return true if the object is defined: .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  recursively process keys with unicode values .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  convert arma correlation matrix to autoregressive lag-polynomial with k_var parameters ar : array_like .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  cross platform relative path of a filename .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return a list of all models for all models in the given table .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  gets   lstrip
truth:  gets   set

test:  setup the demo binary sensor platform .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  get the plugin plugins of the file is in the directory path .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  convert a list of articles to dicts .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  write discovery to a will play on an systems .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  write   decreases
truth:  write   documents

test:  retrieve a reference to a given object by name .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  retrive   stores
truth:  retrive   name

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   squared
truth:  returns   vms

test:  unindex non-empty tasks .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   decreases
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches an album id for a musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  fetches   bytes
truth:  fetches   album

test:  check for nova use a nova .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   dispatched
truth:  check   calls

test:  make sure the user is not a new domains .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  ask   highlights
truth:  ask   update

test:  getmodulename -> solve() path .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  handle filename when an existing modules listed in the same command as existing .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an anonymous public and return the cumulative .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  create   users

test:  create a volumeservice wrapping a test suitable for use in tests .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  main function for validating demultiplexed fasta labels input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath output_dir: tree filepath tree_subset: tree_subset: output filepath tree_subset: if true .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  test paramiko a python file on a different file .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  returns a template object for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove duplicate tables from block_device_mapping table .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  remove   regroup
truth:  remove   subsets

test:  setup the demo camera platform .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  matrix slice slice .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  drop the cached xmodule .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  fixture providing a readlinebridge .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert input array into broadcasting arrays .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to add a trace to each subelement .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  wrap   float
truth:  wrap   decorator

test:  check if a file exists on the system .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handles a single request and then fetch the logs a single request .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  handles   knapsack
truth:  handles   request

test:  return a dict containing the data for the application .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  fast fast stats .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  set the rules used .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  set   skipped
truth:  set   use

test:  return unicode instance for string or unicode string .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  api: dispatcher for the api to example api .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  generate a failure .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return a list of disjoint sets for disjoint sets of disjoint sets for all disjoint sets of disjoint .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   regroup
truth:  return   subsets

test:  test "myapp/css/base .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  remove unnecessary spaces from ruby text .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  attempt   constrained
truth:  attempt   functions

test:  invert a single vector of a structuring element .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  change   limiting
truth:  change   order

test:  only work on apt-based platforms with macports .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   knapsack
truth:  set   request

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  collect all glib files for a given glib .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  delete a query from a package and a set of versions .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   poll
truth:  delete   versions

test:  instantiate login details to template .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  set   force
truth:  set   kwargs

test:  recursively test for listens that even if an exception is not found .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  fix   thinks
truth:  fix   issue

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  launch the checkout branch dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   logged
truth:  launch   dialog

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  delete new system .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  delete   decimals
truth:  delete   storage

test:  create an uninterpolated path relative to $state_path .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  join   ip
truth:  join   paths

test:  get a list of queue() objects .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   revoked
truth:  get   details

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ logging into metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  get   been
truth:  get   format

test:  checks that the elements of desired and the desired value is not met met on the current versions of evironment .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  check   wheather
truth:  check   library

test:  sets the redis server .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  flush   compress
truth:  flush   db

test:  compute size of the value .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  align   bench
truth:  align   value

test:  lists all the best individuals on the input time_str .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  apply   works
truth:  apply   selection

test:  tests if letsencrypt-auto is not c{crypto .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  pulls   boostrapping
truth:  pulls   timeline

test:  parses a python header .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   printed
truth:  parses   pattern

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  create the admin group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  returns true if the given method is a unbound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list policies for the specified marker returns a list of policies .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  return a generator for the installed plugins which are automatically generated from the specified package .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  retrieve   interpolated
truth:  retrieve   plugins

test:  perform the adding or raise exception if it has an alloc .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  synchronize   bounds
truth:  synchronize   table

test:  contains the following minutes and an instance of a given user offset .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  yaml: runscope upload files to the runscope board when runscope a build fails .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the wordpress command to run a specified shell .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test scaled row and target_image arrays .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  check   landing
truth:  check   sum

test:  parse content from a response .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parses   install
truth:  parses   response

test:  test whether a path is the current file system path to the current file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns a look up d1 for the application .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encode class or factory function .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  context manager to check temporary file after it is disabled .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  computes the fold partition and clean up to every partition of its own partition .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  extract the concatenated option from an http object .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  get a complex path from a path .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  flush twisted entities in the position position .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  preprocess options for the search .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  look   forbid
truth:  look   options

test:  helper decorator to check if function is not a function .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  forces   reported
truth:  forces   function

test:  returns the list of prime matches the current user .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove double float characters from the string .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  strips   flashes
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  coerce data to a datetime .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the list of objects for a given list of type or a list of types .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  return generator of length lines from text .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   uploading
truth:  do   job

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  a decorator decorates a function to mark a deprecated version .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  create a jmx from jmx .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  check tidy of text .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   digs
truth:  run   html

test:  returns true if the given module dict was imported in the cache .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  greatest common divisor of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate the efficiently produce a triangulated surface for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   calculates
truth:  compute   vertex

test:  initializes the command line argument parser .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initializes   utf-8
truth:  initializes   argument

test:  get changed and update jobs .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   generate
truth:  print   users

test:  count the number of non-zero results in each feature based on its weights .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  retrieve all of the configured users .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   prefilled
truth:  retrieve   hosts

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  yield   restoring
truth:  yield   data

test:  read page from a single page given a column .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  extract an inventory from json body .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   adjust
truth:  extract   inventory

test:  avoid cancellation: content to store .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  error   rectified
truth:  error   cuda

test:  move a phrases to uniform features .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  center   negotiate
truth:  center   loss

test:  test if freeze .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   deletes
truth:  test   pip

test:  applies force_str on all of the python interpreter to a package in the switch .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  launch   prettify
truth:  launch   process

test:  return a string representation of string .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-opts format .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  update the local ca bundle file from a url .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  activate shared axs and bti shared axs .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the number of cliques of the graph .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  helper function to check if magic magic is not owner .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a list of the server id for which server identity attribute .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  fetch   clones
truth:  fetch   server

test:  find a sample file for a given filename .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  return the string to be used for the application .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  return   holding
truth:  return   policy

test:  convert between two all files in a trees file to a new random string .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create a mock for the given input polynomial and return a mocked .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  replace   simulating
truth:  replace   input

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  coil   del
truth:  coil   gcode

test:  run a string and return a list with respect to the strings that can be installed .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  process   shared
truth:  process   string

test:  inject resources .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  send a user from a course .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  create   lits
truth:  create   basket

test:  get the current vmware vmware environment from the user to run freebsd-update .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  helper to force global context after local .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  force   inspect
truth:  force   eggs

test:  returns a list of members of a nested group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  create a new remotestatepersister .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   skipped
truth:  create   use

test:  produce status .
truth: produce status . 
test:  produce   point
truth:  produce   status

test:  test subjectselector .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the absolute uri for an absolute uri .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  reduce the middle block coefficients .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  changes   pivoted
truth:  changes   place

test:  computes computes the rest logs .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  logs   open
truth:  logs   sections

test:  set a version number .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  tell   optimized
truth:  tell   script

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   step
truth:  domain   names

test:  quantize an inner graph to match the quant quant .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  quantize   contributed
truth:  quantize   t

test:  formats an image from serialization .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  make a requests request for a container .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  make the user input .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test that the shared model works with a batchnorm .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   fonts
truth:  test   layer

test:  add polygon for polygon .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a backup list available columns .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  list   subtracts
truth:  list   backups

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  function   scales
truth:  function   prints

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list semi .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  exists to see if a container exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  try to find a executables tool .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  check   inquire
truth:  check   tool

test:  a handy helper function that recreates the full url as a current url or parts of the http request .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  if it is a good kautsky file .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  patch   init
truth:  patch   modules

test:  login to default models .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts a datetime into a unix timestamp .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   childnodes
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  check version of the geos version .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  take a function and determine whether it is a spherical spherical .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  pulls   listing
truth:  pulls   inspect

test:  wait for a named container to be changed .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   satisfy
truth:  wait   container

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   drawing
truth:  strips   tags

test:  generates an event list of :class:dirmovedevent and :class:filemovedevent objects .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  a view to send a document to a ir document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  restore   pass
truth:  restore   document

test:  rotate image 90 degrees request .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  serialize the value into a yaml file as a dictionary .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dump   leaves
truth:  dump   dictionaries

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  computes a table with an colors .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  fits   small_stmts
truth:  fits   line

test:  list all loaded formats .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  parameters file : does the type of html in html .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  returns tweet or source distribution .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  loads and reads a docker image .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decodes   restoring
truth:  decodes   data

test:  get an in-memory series .
truth: search series . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  generate points for each dense dense dense inputs and direction .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  yield   algorithm
truth:  yield   points

test:  flush the dscl cache cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   eliminating
truth:  flush   cache

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  application information section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  renders the template for the template folder .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a view that takes a form and returns the result .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  return   r^2
truth:  return   form

test:  a step .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  make   unquoting
truth:  make   environment

test:  decorator to inject a handler to a store .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate over all defined records .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  finds   branching
truth:  finds   progress

test:  skills a query string as a sequence of two-element tuples .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  create   sequences

test:  returns true if the user making sure the request was made or in the current session .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  determine   knapsack
truth:  determine   request

test:  remove markdown text to be escaped with xml entities .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  find the highest bit set to a integer in an integer .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  count   prepopulates
truth:  count   bits

test:  restart the current time .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   suppresses
truth:  set   seconds

test:  parses the xml attributes from its trains and returns a dictionary of xml one-step .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  a 307 307 307 .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  generate   switch
truth:  generate   list

test:  return folder of current dir in current dir .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  returns test data filename .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  generate the flavor dll for ninja modules .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  initialize   insert
truth:  initialize   targets

test:  docstring have sorted .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  merge   destroy
truth:  merge   dtype

test:  utility to access tests .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  reads an image from a file .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is in the string .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  unpack_dents average qtreewidgetitem evaluation of a given panel-like .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  generate   exposes
truth:  generate   values

test:  enable or disable a site enabled .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   handles
truth:  enable   site

test:  return a set of meter that have been migrated .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   labeled
truth:  rename   file

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  create a stc to uniquify thread .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  generate   splitting
truth:  generate   surface

test:  remove all the files of a directory .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  clean   installs
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  raise an exception if the client is supported .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse in the batchmailentry from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  setup the demo binary sensor platform .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  find   carry
truth:  find   test

test:  decorator that handles a function and hostname .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  pulls   shift
truth:  pulls   tasks

test:  attempt to locate a grep this is a grep path to the current system cli example: .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  grep   shared
truth:  grep   string

test:  returns a list with only log-related log-related of a given value .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  pulls   tune
truth:  pulls   internet

test:  skip test whether dataset already exists in the current dir tree .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  parse the table of contents from the given container .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  generate   bartels
truth:  generate   contents

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  allocate a urllib2 .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   controls
truth:  allocates   ids

test:  remove unnecessary files from the given file .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  compare   bartels
truth:  compare   contents

test:  print a string name using pprint .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  print   transliterate
truth:  print   variable

test:  return spearman dict of v1 vectors in the set of v2 .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  folder for add subsequent folders to folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  convert a 2d array into an array of strings .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   resume
truth:  convert   pil

test:  simple moving average .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  get the widdershins frequency .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check the installation of the current python installation date .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  check   init
truth:  check   modules

test:  the log of the input data .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  a version of pythons warning .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  warn   bisect
truth:  warn   deprecation

test:  mark a question as spam .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  mark   target_expressing
truth:  mark   question

test:  marathon pods can be deployed .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  marathon   carry
truth:  marathon   test

test:  get a beta name based on a qualified qualified name .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  check if member is a indirect .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  given   loved
truth:  given   doc

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the front over the loop and add the loop lists and index of the loop .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  write the contents of a text file into a pair of 52428800 .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  validates that start with qwebview parameter .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  computes the rgs approximation to the rgs .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  computes   annoy
truth:  computes   rank

test:  parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  check that autoincrementing distance from objects which are consistent and see if the moon has to the right altaz .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  tests update plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  extracts the value from the given response .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  extracts   format_alignment
truth:  extracts   authentication

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  list private options .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   switch
truth:  handle   list

test:  return a list of versions that are sorted by a build_queue .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   poll
truth:  takes   versions

test:  check if a socket is resolvable .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns the link for the block .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  release the contents of the project .
truth: release the package . 
test:  release   downloading
truth:  release   package

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  add master if set to their current environment .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  build   adjust
truth:  build   inventory

test:  run system command in a single host .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  return an rgb color with the labels in ansi color .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  calculate hessian of a point passed to a point of the point passed in a point passed as a list of onto point that is at a given point in
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  checks if an object is a updateable or a updateable docs .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  returns   generated
truth:  returns   youtube

test:  open a persistent bracket .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  returns the modified time of the given storage .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  get   decimals
truth:  get   storage

test:  checks if the c given string represents a valid format .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test whether a path is a symbolic link .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  filter out non-ip and bad name .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  write a dataset to a file of objects .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   encapsulate
truth:  copy   instance

test:  raises an exception if value is not a valid connection status .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  pulls   inverts
truth:  pulls   statuses

test:  see if processing is an ols on the on-disk tables .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  simple test function .
truth: prints a . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  kill a process and all of its children .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   prettify
truth:  kill   process

test:  converts an image or a authentication format to a mrjob object as the authentication decorator .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  functional functional join .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set containing one set of items .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   greps
truth:  parses   intersection

test:  uploads the bokeh repository to 1 and have viewop .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a users package type based on a dot package .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  choose   downloading
truth:  choose   package

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  check if path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  remove a hook from the process .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  freeze   pulls
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the pid by trying to access an pid file .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   reported
truth:  analyse   function

test:  create an empty file from a file .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  cached   preload
truth:  cached   content

test:  return a decorator to skip tests on a galaxy tool .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  load and return the password from smbclient .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  load   expose
truth:  load   credentials

test:  vim vim .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  return the directory for .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a unicode formatted url from a given charset url .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  create and put it into the temporary directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  calculates symbols symbols and job ids .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  given   unroll
truth:  given   steps

test:  returns the xblock responsible for setting this xblocks date .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  finds   bdecodes
truth:  finds   xblock

test:  decorator to make sure that an interval has a particular interval .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  shows the commands in the input .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  returns a wsgi-compatible of random tests with test tests .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  choose   pulls
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the user secrets manager used by the secrets manager instance getsigner method .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   fixes
truth:  returns   manager

test:  function to ensure that type can be used as an empty string .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  checks whether a string is lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  compare   supports
truth:  compare   text

test:  execute a bridge and return the data as a dataset .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  query   looping
truth:  query   node

test:  retrieve the most likely roads documentation for a roads this method will have been stored as a string .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  find   explore
truth:  find   segments

test:  parses a string as a tuple like foo-1 .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   concatenate
truth:  parse   etag

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  installs python .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  find   shortens
truth:  find   classes

test:  print the results of all the results of all the documents that do not found .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  clears all available uuids .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clear   pass
truth:  clear   document

test:  load and return available images from a given module .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  checks whether date formats provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  function   mock
truth:  function   translation

test:  simple binary algorithm that returns the output crossentropy .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  compute   uses
truth:  compute   crossentropy

test:  attempt to mark a string agent as deprecated .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  warn   queryset
truth:  warn   configs

test:  creates a url for the given controller .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  a helper function for computing the absolute increment on input .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  formats a phone number from a phone number to contain a phone number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  remove any complex accuracy from the input image .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  returns   accuracy

test:  set an movie pause .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   pulls
truth:  pause   null

test:  expands the given expression to the cartesian equation .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  =   decrement
truth:  =   =

test:  computes polynomial remainder of f and its domain .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  computes   reveal
truth:  computes   sequence

test:  parses the trace_api xml .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  add an event to the named event .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  copies a file from a remote machine to a remote server .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  create a figure and initialize the given figure instance for the given figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  draw   parens
truth:  draw   figure

test:  create a module-level config from a site context .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  security think - loads normal headers .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  add a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  bind   pulls
truth:  bind   null

test:  return the 3-regular platonic bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  temporarily add a message with the begin attribute of an boolean cluster .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  disable   masks
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  returns a wsgi pipeline for use with paste .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  loads   colorized
truth:  loads   context

test:  get a group by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the geojson tag .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  build a copy of the list .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  shortcut   reported
truth:  shortcut   function

test:  tests the creation of a test mapping .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   float
truth:  test   decorator

test:  converts an ip address or a host to its cidr representation .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  gets list of changed filenames that are changed .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  resolve supplied object into declarions .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolve   pulls
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  returns the correlation between the domain and y .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  decorator to check if a backend has no backend being run .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  yields a path to the unix site directory .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects metadata['recommended-methods']['value']['procedure'] registrations .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   expands
truth:  finds   draft

test:  takes a indices and adds it to the dataset in it to the necessary key .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  check file control by adding a validator to the server .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return full edit or vmlinux .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  filters a path based on a directory .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  base   define
truth:  base   path

test:  one of the batches of an action .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  convert   decrease
truth:  convert   action

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test rendering mri report .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  get the beveled .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   abbreviate
truth:  get   rectangle

test:  normal an expression with an expression or fermionic operators .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  write   sums
truth:  write   expression

test:  creates an environment variable for a virtualenv .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  format   unquoting
truth:  format   environment

test:  modifies a view function by setting a view function that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  decorator to wrap a function event .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  loop through the given output .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  executes   sonar
truth:  executes   child

test:  attempt to decide which class from a string and retrieve the text class .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  try to parse a sound file from a shell-like read from each of a raw source .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  evaluate a greedy .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   launching
truth:  construct   pipeline

test:  send an errors handler .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  wait until the given category is set to a log .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  spawn   plucks
truth:  spawn   window

test:  promotes an index of the current set of web .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  use the xmodule function that are set to find out of xmodule .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  pulls   asks
truth:  pulls   xmodule

test:  returns an image .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  uses   supplied
truth:  uses   api

test:  create the cache object .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   eliminating
truth:  copy   cache

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   receives
truth:  delete   port

test:  defines default v3 v3 parameters for inception models .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  yields   enhances
truth:  yields   scope

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   negate
truth:  serve   resource

test:  setup server .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  setup   clones
truth:  setup   server

test:  takes a list of constraints and returns a single vector .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  unpacks   smooth
truth:  unpacks   vector

test:  make a few cdao from a qt cdao .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  returns the value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  concatenate all models in a list of models .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   exposes
truth:  format   values

test:  return the differences between two labeled .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  differentiate   imposes
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  launch the pagerduty .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  checks if the name can still be parsed back to its season folders to determine if we need to force season folders .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters out kwargs for all of the dict in a dict .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  filter   force
truth:  filter   kwargs

test:  url-encode strings to make them safe for use in a data .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return module version or none if version cant be retrieved .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  set system users .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  ensure that a directory named "path" exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  feature finds a feature list of all steps finds a feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return true if the provided url is valid .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a single hypercube .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  returns   declared
truth:  returns   samples

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   dimension
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  returns a string representing the model .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   reboot
truth:  returns   singleton

test:  retrieve flavor by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   detach
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  a paste password backend .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  push a document to the given document on the given document .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  update   clones
truth:  update   server

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  parse paragraphs of subversion info on paragraphs .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  return a decorator that filters matcher factories .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  get a list of a normalized expression for the operator .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  builds a unittest suite for the gdal tests .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   compiles
truth:  partitions   suite

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the default standard stdout encoding .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  remove titles references .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a new certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   producing
truth:  create   certificate

test:  determine whether we are auto on an amazon web services .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  add the y intersection indexes .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  restful crud controller for community contacts .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  multiplies two matrices by multiplying each row .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  make sure that a package is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   downloading
truth:  make   package

test:  remove a users incron file to the specified user cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  the static file to serve .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  set endpoint headers on request .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  write   stubbed
truth:  write   headers

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   optdict
truth:  convert   lines

test:  write text to filename .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  sab and parse the input data .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  retrieve url and return content .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  validates the integer for the tab to be run .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  throws   asarray
truth:  throws   cases

test:  make some change to a deployment deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  make   logout
truth:  make   change

test:  find the ip addresses assigned to an ipv6 address .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  test if the database has an initialized marker .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  check   responds
truth:  check   database

test:  initial call .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  the get_identifier .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  error handler so the main error is clicked .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   usage_key_string
truth:  error   view

test:  for joining .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  determine   carve
truth:  determine   word

test:  creates a custom decimal and returns a node .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   instruments
truth:  delete   keystone

test:  wait for a set of modules .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute multi-dimensional structure with gaussian weight weight using gaussian transform .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  tests accept submission .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  interface to a function that prints a log message .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  verifies and set up an tx .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   default
truth:  start   part

test:  run the certificate spec .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  extract   producing
truth:  extract   certificate

test:  check if regression 3938 was queries in the 3938 .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  saves saves the current file to disk .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   command
truth:  save   session

test:  get a review request for a fieldset .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return disk usage associated with a given path .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  validate the contents of enrollments .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create status of a memcpy() or a stream .
truth: print with color . 
test:  print   detects
truth:  print   color

test:  simple greeting method .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  responds   widen
truth:  responds   frontend

test:  parameters mock - does nothing .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  strips the xml element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  removes   tile
truth:  removes   information

test:  test integration integration .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  tests that we find numbers with exponents .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  loads an example from private machine .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  prepare   setuptools
truth:  prepare   notebook

test:  set the local labels on a remote server .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  replace   centers
truth:  replace   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted dotted quad or byte string to long .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  return the updates loss for the given list of gradients .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   dispatches
truth:  updates   learning

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   autogenerated
truth:  run   benchmarks

test:  return a synchronization wrapper for a rawarray .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   register
truth:  return   wrapper

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  escape & .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  make sure that the scroll commands is marked .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  link   reserializes
truth:  link   widget

test:  computes the edge magnitude using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  applies a template and templates from a template .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  format the data to a proxy server .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  the character should be returned as desired .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wrapper around dbus .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  runs   paging
truth:  runs   interface

test:  match pattern .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  terminate   explode
truth:  terminate   processes

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  compute the *l2* ci transform of indices .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   interprets
truth:  compute   intervals

test:  returns true if value is a nthhost .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   preloading
truth:  get   host

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  on delete of the file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  helper method to get a url for a google display .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  test that the inverse of the inverse of the inverse layer .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   forget
truth:  test   inverse

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  construct a sql machine with the given host labels .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  result   pulls
truth:  result   null

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  if data is a scalar .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  constructs   divides
truth:  constructs   matrices

test:  compute log(det(a)) for :func:joinedload_all() and python-level useful to work with the new zeros .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return a partial tool shed url .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  default path for considers .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  returns   astring
truth:  returns   route

test:  try to extract the versions from initial version output .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extracts   exposes
truth:  extracts   values

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   pings
truth:  force   behavior

test:  returns the available available string for the given experiment .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  creates   reshapes
truth:  creates   serialization

test:  like a sentrymiddlware decorator .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  given a sequence of length n from a list .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  create a docker service that looks like the boundary of a file or list of fits fits file .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  get   assume
truth:  get   header

test:  flatten a sequence of inputs .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flattens   simulating
truth:  flattens   input

test:  send a message to a given channel or nick .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   modbus
truth:  set   cookie

test:  test a 3d issue with a 3d url .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  validate the user against the api .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   allocate
truth:  validate   user

test:  convert an s3 key to the uri given a dict of s3 resource name .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  computes the rest of a sequence .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  wrap a wm/picture string with re .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  returns a safe number for the number of month .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  produces   disables
truth:  produces   datetime

test:  verify the class is an artifact .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  get all the course milestones for a given course .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  estimate   annoy
truth:  estimate   rank

test:  wrapper for conditional_websafe so that it uses :func:exception_from_error_queue to have an int .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  parse a string according to the month 8-bit date format .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   focused
truth:  parse   dates

test:  indent text with a single space or a given indentation level .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  indent   flip
truth:  indent   python

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  subprocess subprocess to return a query that are on *dist* .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   int
truth:  finds   match

test:  custom view to echo back all public entries .
truth: home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  user can login with base .
truth: user can login . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  make   lowercases
truth:  make   verbose

test:  get integer scale as integer .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   repeat
truth:  get   scaling

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   wants
truth:  convert   parts

test:  get the uid and group id from the user .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  wrap an event handler so that its response is recorded .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  shutdown   encapsulate
truth:  shutdown   instance

test:  reload the user is active or parts of seeding .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  patch   localize
truth:  patch   reference

test:  return a byte string which can be used within it .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  cache   bench
truth:  cache   value

test:  creates a default secondary table for a given index .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  setup the binary sensor platform .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  calculates length checksum on a basic chunk of data .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  pulls   brings
truth:  pulls   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test to make sure that an error is raised if given .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  close an image from the import_str tables .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  pulls   throttle
truth:  pulls   unit

test:  get the path to a default encoding .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  remove a user from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   rising
truth:  remove   group

test:  enable tracing monitoring stream with retries .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  report   activate
truth:  report   delete

test:  check to see if the named service is not enabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates a github security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   reduced
truth:  updates   cli

test:  represent the open summary .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  represent   support
truth:  represent   time

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return list of duplicates of all duplicates .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the directory containing the global configuration files .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  creates an valid list of numbers as n .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  get   stacks
truth:  get   states

test:  set the given properties on a quota and update it .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  test the built-in servererror exception works .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  imports all modules .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  unload   tear
truth:  unload   module

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   prefilled
truth:  release   hosts

test:  remove all missing files below a tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  send a notification about a given host using its recipient .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   preloading
truth:  send   host

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   hanging
truth:  clear   variables

test:  deprecated: this module to setup a given server .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  set   shortens
truth:  set   classes

test:  compile a sequence of strings .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compiles   enhanced
truth:  compiles   object

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  try to apply the pattern to all of the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  retrieve a user flags .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   copy
truth:  run   nagios

test:  takes a datetime and returns a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  returns   disables
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  convert a message to a message from wire format .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  stop all instances of the given version .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stops   borrowed
truth:  stops   instances

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  log a signal when a user is changed .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  handle different bads .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  color   works
truth:  color   selection

test:  import and import all available python module into the designated directory .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  determine if a transaction is in use .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if router is router .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  based   defines
truth:  based   attributes

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   blocks
truth:  collate   representation

test:  generate the non-intersecting .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  this function creates multiple emails from the given mailchimp list of emails and its type .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  rest controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  retrieves the batch notification listener .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  return   initialized
truth:  return   notification

test:  remove a file or directory cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  apply validation function to an distance_transform distance_transform .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return true for firstset .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  chop a sequence to the highest shutdown and upper elements .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chops   sparks
truth:  chops   number

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  delete   teardown
truth:  delete   type

test:  test c_n and without dictionary? .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send deete table to hopefully table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  decorator to register a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  munging to turn a method name into a post-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  munging   located
truth:  munging   method

test:  add a unicode characters to slugify .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  like obj .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  makes   authenticated
truth:  makes   everything

test:  compare two or more useful entries .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  separate enabled .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return list of available controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  forces arguments for adding group to its id_token .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  create   utf-8
truth:  create   argument

test:  convert figure to a dns file parameters arr : matplotlib .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   restrict
truth:  save   array

test:  helper function that returns from the web cloud provider .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  collects the static files from the application .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  copies   logging
truth:  copies   flask

test:  returns the type name for the type specified by the type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  remove network from network network_id id of network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   requesting
truth:  remove   i

test:  given a word body .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  return path to the operating system .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the type of the type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  deserialize key from a datastore .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  convert   review
truth:  convert   keys

test:  tests adagard .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  tests   utf-8
truth:  tests   argument

test:  returns the number of edges that are in the given partition of the partition of g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  gets all virtual interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  verify objs value should print an docs: child if attribute stores to the correct value .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  following   pulls
truth:  following   null

test:  merges multiple translations into one embedded translations .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  adds a task to the task .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  list all the active mon active for the current job cli example: .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  a function to check if a user wants to log out .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  raise   allocate
truth:  raise   user

test:  verify the --help source to ensure that argument = true .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  reset the named vm to a vm cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reset   hostname
truth:  reset   vm

test:  it should support download from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  pulls   inf
truth:  pulls   download

test:  parse files out of a file or a list of mostly modified .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  escape a dn function .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return a list of grains .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  add an entry to the key key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  returns a tuple containing the due date in the given timestamp .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  get   speed
truth:  get   minutes

test:  generate batches of inputs and produces batches of imagenet .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  the corpus from hideki isozaki .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a package .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   debugging
truth:  delete   dataset

test:  change the qapplication name .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   stores
truth:  change   name

test:  run a bash shell command 执行bash命令 .
truth: run a bash shell command 执行bash命令 . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  computes the numeric assortativity coefficient for an independent assortativity .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  compute   looping
truth:  compute   node

test:  return the info of the certificate info about this certificate file .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  start the rabbitmq application cli example: .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  check to make sure sets the bokeh and matches the sets in expected .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  compare   s
truth:  compare   sets

test:  find a given image id for a given image and exit .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  removes a given single role for a user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  wraps the user to start and log them in the database .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  remove a tag from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   target_expressing
truth:  remove   question

test:  ensure that the keystone keystone is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  generate a figure with a first image and a figure with an fractional figure .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  base name for fact .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   binding
truth:  return   fact

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  wrap a single string for inclusion in a template .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   gauss
truth:  wrap   strings

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  return a list of directories that are available on the minion .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  set weekly downloads and pending downloads when creating active .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  update   pend
truth:  update   day

test:  parametric risch differential equation - normal part of the denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  make   small_stmts
truth:  make   line

test:  add a file path to sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  adds   inform
truth:  adds   entry

test:  an url or host:port to put the host from the url .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  function for feel page to echoes or unusable page .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  given   disabling
truth:  given   filenames

test:  check if the required token is invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  reject   scop
truth:  reject   token

test:  try to get the version from the specified remote_url .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  loads a ctypes .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  tests suggestion as a multistring with the first suggestions to the target set of users log .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  tests   mock
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  given a model .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  returns information about the hosts returns a dictionary of hosts to use namecheap xml to display :rtype: string dns dns name to use namecheap string dns dns to find the
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  create a finite random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the capabilities api response .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  verify that the version is a valid version for an ipv4 version .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  check   loading
truth:  check   bower

test:  document add to preselected document .
truth: new document form . 
test:  document   r^2
truth:  document   form

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   offset
truth:  find   parameters

test:  takes a list of precomputed and fill in the salt cloud environment variables .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  remove   scaled
truth:  remove   queue

test:  approximate the image of a structure structure .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  reset commands for running commands in a single shell .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  test spm parameter_type_list attribute for ctf data .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  run the testsuite sdk .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   timing
truth:  mix   spaces

test:  get the cubic from the outputs .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  looks to see if dladm is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  print the benchmarkfuncs class .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  kronecker product of two linear matrix to test shape .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get all submodules of a given module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   rel_path
truth:  get   submodules

test:  get list of hosts and their loaded .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  builds   switch
truth:  builds   list

test:  filter out if a function takes a list of strings .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  run facts file if facts is changed and return facts .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  wrapper around _format_value() .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  download a gaussian file from the current archive .
truth: download a file . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  check a logical volume in a snapshot .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  take   indexes
truth:  take   snapshot

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  wrap the elemwise array so that it is gce when the job is set to a recent tag .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  test cross product with lots of elements .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  test   registers
truth:  test   product

test:  convert int or long int or long int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  add matrices to a sparse variable using a sparse is matrices .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  add   divides
truth:  add   matrices

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   slice
truth:  encode   pickle

test:  test convert 2 chunks to python 3 .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  convert   packed
truth:  convert   chunks

test:  significant nxn to reshapes an image of shape .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  squeezing   colored
truth:  squeezing   operation

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  test that the average inverse of the mapping describes the inverse .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  returns edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   echo
truth:  generate   minimum

test:  a decorator that ignores exception_class warnings and prevent warnings when the function is raised .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  returns polynomial gcd of f and g in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  add vertex given stl vertex line .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   swaps
truth:  add   faces

test:  reverses a tensor .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  creates   providing
truth:  creates   tensor

test:  debian uses update-rc to handle multiple arguments passed to it .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   stopped
truth:  output   statistics

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  generates the testing .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  produces   restrict
truth:  produces   array

test:  find all ancestor entity records that depend on the ou records .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  hikkake pattern .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve missing mappings for the given properties .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  try to validate git repository .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  parse a json file and return as json object containing json markup .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  list backing file paths contained in a particular backing file .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  generates the upper group of order groups as a permutation group .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  function to format a warning the standard way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  return defaults matching the defaults .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  show   bring
truth:  show   page

test:  kill listen on a namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  load a local module from a local one .
truth: in apps . 
test:  pulls   plot
truth:  pulls   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  restore the restores to the proxy file .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   forbid
truth:  restore   options

test:  instantiate a given client version from arguments .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  yield n successive chunks from list .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  the main function .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  lay   tsv
truth:  lay   components

test:  example/test example/test search and return the new data in their binding; .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  function   registers
truth:  function   product

test:  return unicode name for the given 8bit string .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  return   intermediates
truth:  return   8bit

test:  given two numbers .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  return   algorithm
truth:  return   points

test:  build an http get list of autocomplete .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  convert unicode to unicode .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  encode   flip
truth:  encode   python

test:  do not allow users setting of the canonical .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  example of the ansible group .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  initialize   adjust
truth:  initialize   inventory

test:  convert a given email string to a scope .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  returns a function that operates as a list of fields .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  helper function for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  gets the current state of the given state .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  supported   stacks
truth:  supported   states

test:  function to normalize dictionary or session and session key .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  make   defines
truth:  make   attributes

test:  turn all nested sequences to tuples in deepfirst .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  return a string representation of value with a chars .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  a class decorator for concrete class methods .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  list: sample hi on random data .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  given   currents
truth:  given   state

test:  return the name of the primary group that owns a given file this function will return the user follow_symlinks indicated if symlinks should be followed cli example: .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  setup setup .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  check   stays
truth:  check   sphinx

test:  returns a keyczar receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  reissues   operands
truth:  reissues   receipt

test:  validates an integer as an integer .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  check a hash using the given hash .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  looks   labeled
truth:  looks   file

test:  write samples to file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  modify the csv controller - used as no instantiates and pickle phrases a new one .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a human-readable representation of the nervanagpu .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  return a dictionary of information about each open file or directory .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  compare two statuses and return a boolean indicating if the lhs status is positive-definite .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  returns   slave_open
truth:  returns   media

test:  write wcsconfig image to a binary string parameters h : hundredths of an app files with a sound or hex library returns: boolean true if the feature .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  return information on a specific minion cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  show   solve
truth:  show   settings

test:  dump message .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  print   order
truth:  print   traceback

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting from table .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  try to get an http response from the passed arguments .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  read a signed encoded string from the given file .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  sorts a user api using tracking access rules based on tracking access to their data .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   express
truth:  returns   -

test:  write a trees in newick format to a specific file .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get complete members for the specified group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate json file from a json directory .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  converts the given string to a value .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   capturing
truth:  converts   error

test:  returns the reparse python data file this is a valid python script .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  retrieves   restoring
truth:  retrieves   data

test:  grain decorator .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  prevents   reported
truth:  prevents   function

test:  returns utf-8 or unicode representation of unicode strings .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  deprecated! -> str return a copy of the string s with all occurrences of spaces .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  renders a template that displays the logged-in schema .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  pulls   building
truth:  pulls   tag

test:  consume url 4d3185662ca61bc9fa1bdf1ec0166f6e5ecf86c6/bigtable-client-core/src/ and print all messages .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  consume   prioritized
truth:  consume   messages

test:  get the close to sanitized .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  drop   eliminating
truth:  drop   cache

test:  create a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if filename may be a file .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  maps maps to qop .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  draw   collate
truth:  draw   box

test:  decorator to enforce read-only response and verifies the response object .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  decorated   constrained
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  returns html stringified for safe player value .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  given   extract
truth:  given   version

test:  helper method to grab sessionmaker connections .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   address
truth:  return   sqlalchemy

test:  restores an environment variable that was returned by the virtualenv .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  sets   unquoting
truth:  sets   environment

test:  for the routines that return a ctypes function .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute a given path on an array of given file .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  construct   continues
truth:  construct   svg

test:  apply two inputs of input variable in inputs .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  tries to convert obj to float .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove ansi color references from source .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  remove   polynomials
truth:  remove   codes

test:  checks if g is a single bcc .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  find a file in a given path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  a generator to parse requirements file from a list of requirements .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  yield   mounts
truth:  yield   objects

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  appends   emitting
truth:  appends   character

test:  show wiki documents .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  prints   dataframe
truth:  prints   comments

test:  given a module name and a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns true if the given type is compatible with the correct values as a dictionary .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generates a generator of all objects .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generate   regressiont
truth:  generate   index

test:  returns true if the field matches some members matching host .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  include   located
truth:  include   method

test:  return the list of extra codes .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  return   capturing
truth:  return   error

test:  extract a list of the choices that are matches to a query .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  select   int
truth:  select   match

test:  converts value to a byte-string if its not already unicode .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  clear the users system users .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieves   generate
truth:  retrieves   users

test:  utility function which converts the given flavor requests to a specific flavor requests based on the flavor requests .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  get   knapsack
truth:  get   request

test:  runs a command and returns a fltk .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  starts   decorates
truth:  starts   web

test:  copies fieldexpression to a searchparams proto .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   flow
truth:  copies   fields

test:  set defaults to debconf questions from the inject inject kwargs .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  set   resolving
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  enable capturing stty-modifying operations .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  split a sequence of pairs into a decryption of the square matrix .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  true if the host is a bsd .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  basic markup -> str arguments: layer_name -- the stepsize library -- the contribution to read and the message from the evaluation of the port schema file .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  stripping   enqueued
truth:  stripping   po

test:  adapt the blob so that it performs 1 .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  objects   mounts
truth:  objects   objects

test:  create a contract exceptions that the contract creation of the contract logged in the contract .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  function to skip tests on unix db .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return the first api response body .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  extract   access
truth:  extract   url

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  set output of commands .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  dummy view .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  fetch local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  add x values to a scalar .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  runs   exhaust
truth:  runs   conversion

test:  you might want to parse the new messages in the folder inbox .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  import a dotted function from a dotted path and return the attribute/class designated by the path .
truth: source: django . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  view to generate a single setup for smtp smtp .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns unique and unique key names for column .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  format   enhance
truth:  format   items

test:  convert a real matrix to the the the fourth model back to the path->class order of a matrix or :data:unknown_distro a dense matrix .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  test whether an unused routine is a visualization .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns true if the filepath is a fits string .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  determine   evaluated
truth:  determine   origin

test:  compute the remainder factorization of a polynomial in r over the ring .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a moderator .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  unlinks the given node .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  pulls   descend
truth:  pulls   edges

test:  generates a bunch of communities that returns a directory with community .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  create a new web string for our secondary query .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  takes   talking
truth:  takes   dict

test:  search for instances based on unix instances .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  use   fold
truth:  use   backend

test:  drop the index index in data .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns default and set of user objects for main use with their metadata .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  try to find all of the file names in django .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  collect   specifies
truth:  collect   methods

test:  return a dummy request object .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  write an environment to a file .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  view for verifying user .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  remove the clean files by default .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  cleanup   flattens
truth:  cleanup   output

test:  returns true if the given string value is a boolean .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  serialize an xml element into serialization representation .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  serialize   uncheck
truth:  serialize   element

test:  make a serverdescription between a feed and a wtforms .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  computes the weights of a penalty of a penalty to the given penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  create a new variable to create a variable .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the last time on a system .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  setup the tls ports using the mficlient platform .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  parse an http comma separated header and return a tuple of the header and the options: .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fetch the archive for savedir .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  return the part of an object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  build gitlab info from gitlab .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  pulls   forgot
truth:  pulls   project

test:  this gives the attacks from the principal mode to try to the reprs of the input rpc .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test spans eigenvalues .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   span

test:  adds a new job to the given version .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  retrieves items from the given uuid and returns timings .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  returns a dict of name and the appropriate phrase .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  split   raise
truth:  split   term

test:  a decorator which takes a function argument list of func and returns the appropriate values .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  apply   accepting
truth:  apply   e

test:  override this page as a single page .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  detects   ip
truth:  detects   paths

test:  computes the transfer function belonging to the correctness function of a true .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   currents
truth:  writes   state

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   spawn
truth:  initalize   devices

test:  performs root environment variables with pymode .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  binned histogram of data .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  pulls   unshelve
truth:  pulls   interval

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  get the named values .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  returns true if name is reserved from some of the given module .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  evaluates the circular logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return a human-readable string indicating that the user is deprecated in the given version .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  generate   validates
truth:  generate   addition

test:  logistic images with t and variance .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  note   pulls
truth:  note   null

test:  converts camel-case style names to camel-case .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  test installing from a tarball with a hashed requirements and send it to the same requirements .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  test   do
truth:  test   hashes

test:  calls one or more commands and calls commands to a target .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  unpack a unicode string into one big by coordinate .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the 2d dict of the given interface .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  gets   paging
truth:  gets   interface

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  computes the qnwunif frequency matrix from a rectangle of two arrays .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  evaluate cutoff .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save into velocity .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   labeled
truth:  update   file

test:  copy data buffer to user size .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  returns a queryparser configured to be used in any series .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  alternate shell file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  cancel all pending alerts .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add a profile using a profile .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  disable initial stream with retries .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  fast generic quality fastq conversion and quality mapping out mapping .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  change the old attribute on a python object so that its the old attribute name .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  sets   constrain
truth:  sets   attribute

test:  like os .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  generate indices to apply iterables to every iterables in it .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  create a node to add an x11 tunnel to the data .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  create   implemented
truth:  create   x11

test:  watch salts event bus and forward an event to the watch object .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  log a new terminal with the given zone .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  get a mapping from whatever instance of whatever and a path that whatever the rlglue framework to get a mapping from whatever .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  function   define
truth:  function   path

test:  runs a package .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  uploads   downloading
truth:  uploads   package

test:  fetches the next exploration ids and datastore for the given user in a given collection .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   coordinates
truth:  returns   exploration

test:  set things to a new views .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   predicate
truth:  format   sql

test:  write file interpretation .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  get all releases linked to an artist or limit .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   instanticates
truth:  get   releases

test:  element-wise sin function .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  detach an existing disk to an existing virtual machine cli example: .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  remove   looping
truth:  remove   node

test:  generate one random unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  clears the reference to the current registry .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  clear   eventlet
truth:  clear   warning

test:  try to find all the top directories in a given directory .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  yield   leaving
truth:  yield   cython

test:  process data to new interface to load the test data and return the data .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  process   format
truth:  process   parameter

test:  retrieves the document to a given document .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   defines
truth:  fix   attributes

test:  return true if the given context has a given view .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  reset a bunch of unit technique based on a specified technique .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  resets   xlsx
truth:  resets   query

test:  return the contents of an interface script cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  evaluates a string for a indicating indicating a cookie type .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function for quickly disabling all above .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  configure   hacked
truth:  configure   buffer

test:  matrix exponential minus the matrix exponential mean .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  construct   r^2
truth:  construct   form

test:  convert the given string to a valid python version .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  return the hash of git .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  output the specified input to input data and kwargs for each integer or list of all functions on the minion .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  extract the value of a cassandra querystring based on a module .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a signed message .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  returns   sign
truth:  returns   pair

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  expand arrays of blocks in the entire page of blocks .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  given a task .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  fname -> str takes a bad name and returns file name .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  identify   config
truth:  identify   patterns

test:  associate dhcp option id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  test   forbid
truth:  test   options

test:  create the verifier to use when creating the api .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate tests for basic warnings .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  default   unpin
truth:  default   routine

test:  table a datasets .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  renders capa and check the capa and fetch the capa framework .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  fixture that returns a dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   carry
truth:  fixture   test

test:  return the status for a service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  memo decorator to handle sequences of recurrence see also work on recurrence .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  pulls   convert
truth:  pulls   sequences

test:  performs active mounts on the system .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   logfilesize
truth:  list   linux

test:  get the mysensors service stage notification devices .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  index a search for downloadable uploads .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  add   dos
truth:  add   search

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  generate an identity key from a a serialized instance given a dict .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  creates multiple fields for the given scenario .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   fixed
truth:  creates   scenario

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc return a single string .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  returns polynomial gcd of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pretty-print a box to a multiple object .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  generates notification exists for the given volume period .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  generates   initialized
truth:  generates   notification

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  context manager to temporarily temporarily restore stderr .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   feeds
truth:  context   stderr

test:  test no data and rendering with a data .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  reset the template info and clear the removed from the supplied template .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   eliminating
truth:  reset   cache

test:  return path to project file .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  convert event **kargs: notation to mime-type on or true .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  process   fitnesse
truth:  process   events

test:  get the location of the cibpath file .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  make a cache key from a request .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  used   eliminating
truth:  used   cache

test:  returns the metric of the nodes of a graph .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  return   sift
truth:  return   metric

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  attempts to parse a valid bootstrap message classes into a bootstrap dict of bootstrap tags .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  return   shortens
truth:  return   classes

test:  get an elastic provisioner .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this function checks whether a file has a file or a file on a path .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  locate   labeled
truth:  locate   file

test:  returns a list of %z and an empty vector in the provided vector .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  return   joined
truth:  return   decryption

test:  create an oauth2 tags for a given resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  access a message from a user .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  create a stub for a specified monitor .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  create   inputs
truth:  create   monitor

test:  return a default state with the given content type .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  set   preload
truth:  set   content

test:  documents the resource method to be emergency back to a resources .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  saves the modified file .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  creates   grabs
truth:  creates   png

test:  wrap a single topicsread with last read and last topicsread .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given source .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  wait until the port is selected .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  starts   distribute
truth:  starts   proxy

test:  translates the exception using the given locale .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  translates   eliminates
truth:  translates   elements

test:  get pci device by node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  read a module .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  execute   optimized
truth:  execute   script

test:  sets the messages into the request .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  given a module name and a string of module .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  evaluate the network using a new network .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  transfer   rescanning
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require tutorial tutorial .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   carry
truth:  require   test

test:  get the footer state as sum of an actionexecution .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   lets
truth:  get   handler

test:  step 1b .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   answers
truth:  step   handles

test:  sends a message to a topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  read   simulating
truth:  read   input

test:  splitpasswd --> user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  linear regression test for making the design design matrix .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  generate an md5 hash with the given text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  converts an object into a template .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   reduce
truth:  convert   shorthand

test:  formats the provided unit with one of units and units .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  takes   query
truth:  takes   position

test:  if the path does not exist .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  extract   define
truth:  extract   path

test:  not required method .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  assert that the http server on the expected host and get the expected path to the response .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   barcodes
truth:  assert   http

test:  calculate all the workers in the range .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  create a process exit .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  aborts   deregister
truth:  aborts   jobs

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ vpc id .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  pulls   apps_count_installed
truth:  pulls   gateway

test:  compile_single compile the given sequence of pyrex .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   monitor
truth:  compile   compile

test:  import the python object .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  close a .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  index of the elements .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  find   regressiont
truth:  find   index

test:  checks if intercept is in the panel .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   mutate
truth:  add   column

test:  generates and returns a lowercase string .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  prepend   listen
truth:  prepend   key

test:  convert a twitter value to timeval .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a list of files in the provided directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  test reconstruction where the image and mask are the same .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  generates a radom cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  return the file in the role for path as a namedtuple .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   shared
truth:  escapes   string

test:  returns true if the node has a nodewhile .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  detect   looping
truth:  detect   node

test:  computes the square root of the mean mod .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  computes the russellrao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  hikkake pattern .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  pulls   printed
truth:  pulls   pattern

test:  a decorator raising skiptest if a function is actually a classic or function .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  archivers a scheduled job .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  starts   polishing
truth:  starts   celery

test:  displays daily table of daily and end of the given user .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  display   bounds
truth:  display   table

test:  check whether pillar is available .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  signal   builds
truth:  signal   minion

test:  returns program path or none .
truth: source: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  convert a sequence of 2 integers to 1 .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  translate   shared
truth:  translate   string

test:  decode a jpeg data structure to unicode .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  returns the number of args for a contrast change change int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  list all available languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  adds   switch
truth:  adds   list

test:  does a get request have up successfully .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  convert the value into an integer .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  waits for a expression to become up .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  helper function to allow querying collection to tuples of templates from templates .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  imports and returns the json module of the given module .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  validates that value is a valid categorical key for the categorical b] field .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   piercing
truth:  returns   article

test:  decorator that logs how long a function has been reached .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  creates   float
truth:  creates   decorator

test:  stop eventlet .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   pyopenssls
truth:  stop   greenlet

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  cli example: .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return text in triple-double-quoted python 3 .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  noop   reported
truth:  noop   function

test:  add the specified service to the specified id .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  list all enabled enabled on the system .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  show the named file .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  uses   logfilesize
truth:  uses   linux

test:  ensure that the first entry is a rest .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  check   unescaped
truth:  check   entries

test:  merge two sorted inputs into one .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  takes   decoding
truth:  takes   lists

test:  find the installed plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   alignment
truth:  load   section

test:  return square-free norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  activate the virtual requirements the given revision .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   capitalizes
truth:  make   revision

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return the admin_username .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  checks whether a country is leading than one of the leading zero .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  checks   rq
truth:  checks   country

test:  computes the offset of *a* between 0 and fair .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  offset   pulls
truth:  offset   null

test:  get the url for a github request .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate cli example: .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get the float in the loop to the point table .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   converse
truth:  get   ratio

test:  delete parent .
truth: close indices . 
test:  close   sparsedataset
truth:  close   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the vms size .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  calculates the standard error of the mean along the specified axis .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  creates the user account with the email address and password .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   restart
truth:  creates   account

test:  test chart rendering with various data .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  check   replay
truth:  check   chart

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return all children of all matches with the given pattern .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  pulls   disabling
truth:  pulls   filenames

test:  how many event outputs does this media player have? .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the color sensor .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  gets   multistringformfields
truth:  gets   temperature

test:  reboot a machine by name cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  decorator to mark a function to be run .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  test basic figure with an application .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   parens
truth:  test   figure

test:  astropy -> none .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  force   trivial
truth:  force   connection

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the value .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  close poles with dimshuffle(host_from_gpu()) close .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  verify that value is a valid message .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  start tomcat .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  upload a list of refs to the refs .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  remote   yields
truth:  remote   push

test:  test that debug logs a successful file using a relative path .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   attriute
truth:  test   stdout

test:  function for displaying expression representations with vector printing enabled .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  returns   sums
truth:  returns   expression

test:  encode a chops .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  pickles   utf-8
truth:  pickles   argument

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   increment
truth:  function   gradient

test:  this only compare two cancelled to the input probabilities .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a set of set of environment variables for all non-zero nodes within a particular content available via cusum and the then content available for each pixel .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data modechoice data and return a numpy array with the same column .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  set the default runner to the specified scenarios .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   fixed
truth:  set   scenario

test:  generate a tuple to hex encoded string .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  make a color tuple of integers color and find other biclusters .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  turn   returns
truth:  turn   something

test:  activate jquery animations on all directories .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   synchronize
truth:  matching   addresses

test:  ipdb as successfully .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of changed packages that have changed on the device .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  disable the paging of output on the master .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  return a list of all languages that will be found in the given set .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  get head stats .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  addresses issue #5835 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  addresses   pulls
truth:  addresses   null

test:  return name of the activation function by name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  parse a content-range mapping file with the content of a key/value pair .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  make sure the given crash if not already exists .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  find all of the given collectors .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   clone
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond1 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  get all commands on a user model .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  formats an object as a boolean .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  get the font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   reset
truth:  get   reader

test:  group add view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   astring
truth:  add   route

test:  returns maximum elements obtained by iterating over given axis .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  gets the vlan id of a vlan on the bridge .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  create   deserialized
truth:  create   bridge

test:  disconnect all connections from connections .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  disconnect   pulls
truth:  disconnect   null

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  build the standard sample pattern for sample .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  builds   rectify
truth:  builds   parser

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  return a random color string .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   been
truth:  return   format

test:  creates a decoder from a decoder service .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  release ledger .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  update the num from the given gildings .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  run a node on a given compiler or dict as the given compiler .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  equality_expression : relational_expression ge shift_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if both .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  parameters days:int 天数，统计n天以来上榜次数，默认为5天，其余是10、30、60 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int 天数，统计n天以来上榜次数，默认为5天，其余是10、30、60 retry_count : int . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  enable console output to stderr .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  enable   flattens
truth:  enable   output

test:  wrapper to get an gif object .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  construct a authorized password from the supplied 0/1 .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  execute queries against mysql .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  execute   expects
truth:  execute   queries

test:  returns a bytestring object .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns a relationship between the activities stored on the given user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return lower bound to the quality (q) .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  like rule .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  left   input_string
truth:  left   join

test:  create a formstyle for the incident table .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   predicate
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test to catch catch from pull-dkr log coordinates .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   attributes
truth:  test   arrays

test:  checks if code is available on the system .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  run commands on given command .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  main entry point for the script .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  parses a string and returns a boolean from input_string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   capitalize
truth:  computes   distances

test:  run nagios pending events and return other default scheduler .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   deregister
truth:  run   jobs

test:  project image rois to be passed to current image where the image and subplot is the default colormap of the image .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  project   forwards
truth:  project   image

test:  return information on a system or later cli example: .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  get a systems class .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  try to install ssl options .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  instantiate a new wsgi server arguments: url~mesnilgr/atis/ : the previously selected ssl server object to modify the ssl certificate to a previously run engine .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  creates   clones
truth:  creates   server

test:  creates a new user for a given user_id .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  returns true if the given version is a beta version .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  convert a string like a number of bytes into a time .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  parse   unpublicizes
truth:  parse   description

test:  plot evoked data with specified topo .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  check for docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this will return a thumbnail that can be used to perform an alias on the thumbnail .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns an array of all scalar values in the given instance .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  checks   attributes
truth:  checks   arrays

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  separate the hmac+sha512 indices in a separate by the current common typos .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  create a list of equations that have a single open file names for plain tags .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  rebuild   drawing
truth:  rebuild   tags

test:  get a vector3s frequency to the given diags .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  a inclusion_only_unlimited_args providing a dicts .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is changed to none .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  test   converted
truth:  test   block

test:  decorator to unpickle app handlers .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  rebuild   poll
truth:  rebuild   versions

test:  put a new session to lock .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  refresh   constructs
truth:  refresh   lock

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  formats a card card with the data as a l{unicode} .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  remove all duplicates from a string or a unicode string .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns true if g consists of g .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  load the class by name .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  returns a generator of scores .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  computes multivariate normal variables .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  generates   restoring
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote -> utf-8 data .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  removes   learn
truth:  removes   quotes

test:  returns the default structuring keys .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  test that nstreams is initialized if the right unit .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  verify   expr
truth:  verify   valueerror

test:  creates a color table with color info from the given color .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  build   detects
truth:  build   color

test:  update review without review reviews of the app without preg a cache for internal cache .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  takes   scans
truth:  takes   pairs

test:  convert an unix http header string to a dictionary .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns an image from a given url .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  helper function for quickly requests .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  add   inform
truth:  add   entry

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  change confirmation .
truth: change users email . 
test:  change   equalize
truth:  change   email

test:  push a sizer onto a random integer field .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   capture
truth:  push   bit

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  messaging delete page .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  returns the expected dict of user with the specified key .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  use an etag_func() that returns unquoted .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  return a list of all configured ports for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   unsqueezing
truth:  install   setuptools

test:  log a record .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  logs   applied
truth:  logs   trace

test:  enable the service on the local machine cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  base url according to rfc 2822 url .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  compare   xlsx
truth:  compare   query

test:  this function creates a average summary for average decay .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  creates datestring event .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  creates   controls
truth:  creates   ids

test:  determine if the sampling column to be changed .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  choose   focused
truth:  choose   dates

test:  private function to generate a single global keys .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   customized
truth:  get   salt

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   wanted
truth:  construct   filename

test:  returns terminal size for sharing alignments .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  helper to determine if object has been imported .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  determine   tear
truth:  determine   module

test:  try to resize a pb test .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  resize   plucks
truth:  resize   window

test:  return a list of users that are available .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  retrieves the total users like a template by a list of objects and its parameters .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  fetches   enhance
truth:  fetches   items

test:  returns an encoder for a tag .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  check for file filename .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  check that the rescale has been supplied .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   located
truth:  log   method

test:  return a cjk byte string from a filesystem pattern .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  pulls   newlines
truth:  pulls   dimensions

test:  reconstruction on an array should be a zero .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  accept keys based on a glob match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  accept   review
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression | expression ** expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  decrypt a string with the private key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  convert utf-8 strings to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  utf-8   unifies
truth:  utf-8   encoding

test:  update the supplied file names .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   fleiss
truth:  return   mysql

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk on-disk on-disk and on-disk on-disk .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  initialize the container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  normalize path .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  html markup of the revision .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  exeggcutess female sprite -- same as male .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set the system configuration variables cli example: .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  uk - 目录的绝对路径 .
truth: uk - user key shareid - 共享文件的id值 dirname - 共享目录 . 
test:  -   allocate
truth:  -   user

test:  returns a dict of unique job id .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  converts a scipy sparse matrix in sparse row** format to an optional matrix .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  unquote keys in a dictionary .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  restores   usage_key_string
truth:  restores   view

test:  get the registry of an app .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   routing
truth:  get   registry

test:  context manager to test commands .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  test handle_fatal_exc and b1950 function .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  checks   align
truth:  checks   observation

test:  check if a given header is set to a given header .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  check   assume
truth:  check   header

test:  compute the 1-norm of data points from j2000 .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   repairs
truth:  compute   correlation

test:  helper to create a simple tensor .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  create a bound parameter in a prefetched element to receive a prefetched element via the elasticsearch parameter .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   sums
truth:  create   expression

test:  get the path for zipline root of zipline root .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  read and return the contents of a dictionary .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  substitute irc color info .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds appropriate roles to a given collection .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  see   safe_octal
truth:  see   class

test:  make sure that all arguments are not escaped .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  make   ascii
truth:  make   gnu

test:  models are related to all related models in a given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  update the latest version of the public version when activated contains signals .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  send an event to a mattermost channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   fitnesse
truth:  send   events

test:  randomly select a point in the tree *individual* .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  get the configuration of the module .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  check if named file may contain media .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns the value of the user-agent header to use for update requests .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  returns an iterable of lists in the given list .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  returns the number of interval to read the last configuration type .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   unshelve
truth:  returns   interval

test:  require a perms user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  get the amount of sample rss to node .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  sample   compose
truth:  sample   usage

test:  test suggestion can be used .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  register a new specific specific lltd .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add faces from loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  returns true if the given service address is a throttled line .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  determine   based
truth:  determine   address

test:  list partitions to cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  list   crops
truth:  list   partitions

test:  convert an integer to a positive integer .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   bench
truth:  ensures   value

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   arrive
truth:  return   escape

test:  given an entry and a fused .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  pulls   inform
truth:  pulls   entry

test:  get the local network interface from the network interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  updates the blocks in a cassandra device .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  perform t-test .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  transforms   reported
truth:  transforms   function

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  avoid   supports
truth:  avoid   text

test:  filters out anime from the list of anime :return: true if there is anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create a backend_name credentials from gce slave resource object .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  return system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch as a dictionary .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  add a menu plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  general api .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  clear   parens
truth:  clear   figure

test:  list task spool .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   mount
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypts   pulls
truth:  encrypts   null

test:  returns the base url of a url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  lists all bridge to the head brs .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   totodiles
truth:  returns   machines

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  check the correct distance function .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  check if the block block is available and exposes are the same as the argument to the right one .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  given a numeric and 2 data .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  for a specific format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  returns the output of the subjects_dir of the given resource which may be created .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  pulls   attribute
truth:  pulls   statements

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   pack
truth:  prewitt   edge

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  pulls   unzips
truth:  pulls   drivers

test:  generate a file created with a given name .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  import the module from the system and return the url to the python documentation given its argument .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  complete the openid request created by openid sender sender .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  complete   pulls
truth:  complete   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   freeze
truth:  test   processing

test:  returns the right representation of a money code for the money filesystem .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  patch allows us to patch and prevent them out of user .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  patches   requested
truth:  patches   detection

test:  probability three frequency response .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  drops   clip
truth:  drops   record

test:  check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns the version of the vboxmanage command .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  delete text from text .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  checks whether this word is absolute .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  convert a string to binary string .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  returns a function that wraps the given iterable .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the result for the given object .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  runs a command on a specific host .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  wsgi wsgi environment .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  turns   located
truth:  turns   method

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create an event from the default loop .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check to make sure that mongo is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   encoding
truth:  check   mongo

test:  repack options dictionary according to the rules rules .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  update task info .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  removes permissions from the wagtailimages_image_model with the given endianness .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  the stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   link
truth:  stream   factory

test:  check if file is empty and pathed properly .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  generate an identity identity identity .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the row in a dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  return the boot options from the user marked as a dictionary .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  generator function for sympy xxx to get the iterator of all pairs .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  return   manages
truth:  return   expansion

test:  retrieve the immediate suitable for a given file .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  helper function to wrap a configuration to run .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  return memory cpu usage .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  instantiate   roundrobin
truth:  instantiate   application

test:  returns the count of count from a given file .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  compute tensorflow bar for all series of pillars objects .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  initialize   branching
truth:  initialize   progress

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   deflate
truth:  parse   config

test:  generate unique id in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a given per percentile .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  put   get_auth_provider
truth:  put   hold

test:  run js tests with local tarball to download the remote server .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  function for syncing the distutils functions in an environment variable .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the co2 binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  test to make sure the 1988 node is saved at all opcodes .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns true if s is a sequence .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  pulls   returns
truth:  pulls   something

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   mount
truth:  deletes   task

test:  get all available regions for the amazon codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  tries   stores
truth:  tries   name

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  batched   attribute
truth:  batched   statements

test:  test input function .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  return a list of named brand names .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  condense floating points into data set .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  export json .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  export   aliased
truth:  export   json

test:  returns a list of module items for the given app name .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  get   init
truth:  get   modules

test:  downloads all the workflows workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  downloads   moves
truth:  downloads   updates

test:  create an rpc for storing file .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  update config .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  updates   talking
truth:  updates   dict

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup the hyperion binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   adding
truth:  setup   gpio

test:  return the list of all audit that have been retrieved at least one .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  declares some extra key values .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   translates
truth:  declares   flags

test:  test if serializer helper function should return a new one .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   loved
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  pulls   seek
truth:  pulls   subscriptions

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   urlencode
truth:  delete   item

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   dtype
truth:  removes   arg

test:  get the cylindrical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the vertical edges of an image using the scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  yield yield yield stats from the bucket .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  returns   stopped
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get a tool_dependency entity by id .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  returns   override
truth:  returns   converter

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  testing and extract the fixed length length from the model .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  get ancestor variables of input .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  handler for valid openid protocol information .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  returns the timestamp of the file .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   flip
truth:  emulate   python

test:  make a hybi-07 frame with binary or text data .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   github
truth:  make   frame

test:  remove packages that belong to be installed .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   constructs
truth:  remove   lock

test:  create a manage for a project .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  return a path to the directory where data is stored .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  registered implementation of dict .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  returns the message storage on the request .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  merge 2 dicts .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  manage ip list for smtp connections .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  manage   disemvowels
truth:  manage   smtp

test:  test text support .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  failed   containing
truth:  failed   ip

test:  initialize a subtask by stripping and check to see if the proper enrollment is specified .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  store   tile
truth:  store   information

test:  return a list of all queues .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  return the support page .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   grouping
truth:  return   system

test:  force the wsgi server to the given func .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  stop   clones
truth:  stop   server

test:  column a 2d clause of columns with the columns .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  locate   mounts
truth:  locate   objects

test:  get the url for the make_color script .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  transforms an otu log table by otu table .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  test logarithmic option with a bad range of value .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  extract_diagonal(host_from_gpu()) -> host_from_gpu(rebroadcast(x)) .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  return the cli wheel for the given test run .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  test   unload
truth:  test   client

test:  only load if the composer module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   intrepret
truth:  generate   pdf

test:  register a mapping of mapping codes to the mapping of mapping that are mapping .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  given   spyders
truth:  given   scheme

test:  return if there are any maximun of the project of projects .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  return detailed information about a named vms .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  getter for the adjective field .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the wigner & iterating .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  wrap user to log in .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  convert a boolean to boolean .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  get   binding
truth:  get   fact

test:  gets the comment modelform class for the given app_label .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  return tree tree in the given exclude file .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  generate a request to the queue kwargs for the user .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  mount virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   jitter
truth:  remove   guest

test:  test whether a path is a file .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  only sysadmins may pass this value .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  ignore   allocate
truth:  ignore   user

test:  the information needed to convert a salt viewer to the v .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  show   registers
truth:  show   product

test:  return pairs of generalizationacrosstime to cover all pairs of squares a and b .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  return   running
truth:  return   math

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   retain
truth:  ask   platform

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  calculates the maximum likelihood along axis along an axis .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters data demo classproperties 行业 returns dataframe code :股票代码 name :股票名称 c_name :行业名称 .
truth: parameters year:年份 return date:日期 1y_5:5日均值 1y_10:10日均值 1y_20:20日均值 . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  return the metric for the given subtree .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  determine if a model is multiple of the given model .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  return the vm named escalation data .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  test installing from a wheel with a wheel .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  convert a dictionary to a list of resource database .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  computes the correlation dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  simulate   pings
truth:  simulate   behavior

test:  asserts that two polynomials have some lower and y differs too much .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  assert   collecting
truth:  assert   b

test:  attempt to login a connection .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this method prints the historical of a set of global values for the activity .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  returns true if running on the request .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  provider specific function to replace the equivalent of a dictionary by specifying the original value on the salt module .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert a binary plot and series/index pipeline .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  map   overriding
truth:  map   dimension

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  try to dump an etag set of etags to a string of etags with the rules that matches with the given etags .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  test   int
truth:  test   match

test:  returns a unicode object from string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  a decorator to wrap a view .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  process a timestamp .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  process   childnodes
truth:  process   timestamp

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance instance instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  saves   r^2
truth:  saves   form

test:  decorator that wraps a method with keyword arguments .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the sine of degree of a sound of degree of a range of dictionaries parameters scaling : array_like of second-order .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  parse an html representation of a given html .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  sanitizes   manage
truth:  sanitizes   fragment

test:  and the last wrapper around the pool .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  set the preferred time zone for the user .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   start
truth:  set   zone

test:  return true if runnings is a clear clear tag and values .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  filter   forms
truth:  filter   result

test:  return whether the reuse_db flag was passed .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   trailing
truth:  return   flag

test:  send a notification event to a file .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  transform index index protocol buffer to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   hacked
truth:  transform   buffer

test:  construct a free group and inject f_0 .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   rising
truth:  construct   group

test:  appends the given content to the debug option .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  insert a directory into the tree at the end path .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   urlencode
truth:  insert   item

test:  generate a csv for all students on a particular problem .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   project
truth:  generates   ascii

test:  return true if the object is an object .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  repartition dask dataframe using @jitclass messages .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  repartition   pulls
truth:  repartition   null

test:  load and return a pickle file .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  given the path to the directory of a template folder .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  return a plural plural from the given argument if the number is a plural argument can be a plural .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  prompt   xfail
truth:  prompt   help

test:  send an sms client .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  return deserialize families of atanh from cyclicly connected graph or node of tar/gzip .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  evaluate the type of the matrix elementwise and b .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  if func is true .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  takes list of strings and returns a list of basenames .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  format   simulate
truth:  format   spec

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  module function to pickle a module .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  process the rules of the rules defined in the given policy .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  walk   unescapes
truth:  walk   rule

test:  find all stats in a substring by return the newline at the end of line numbers .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  return an terminator packed chained .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update a property property value from the provided properties .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  delete a group policy .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  return the user id .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  key value for an controls file .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled model .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  gets the placeholder from the given url according to the prefix .
truth: returns the version key for the given «placeholder» . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  generate the example rst .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  returns an decoded version .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  create initial entry point for the given mbid .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  retain a media_player after use decrement the reference count of a media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  see if an exception is a valid ip address .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  send pending notification to none .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   pulls
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  returns the mlevel representation of the given level .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  given a numpy array of a .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  pickle   unmap
truth:  pickle   descriptors

test:  estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using mle parameters freq : distribution instance needs to have cdf method .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  estimate   reported
truth:  estimate   function

test:  display the settings page .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  return a 2-d product of x and y .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  return   smooth
truth:  return   vector

test:  check if a file exists and is chrdev .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  get the trailing coefficient of a file from the filesystem path .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   thrusting
truth:  return   space

test:  listen for state changes based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   loads
truth:  listen   changes

test:  plots the harris and plot text .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plots   forwards
truth:  plots   image

test:  formats the size and human readable format .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   analyzes
truth:  format   size

test:  clone a remote bazaar repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   stubbed
truth:  adds   headers

test:  cast string to binary .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  append   pulls
truth:  append   null

test:  returns an stock over stock from queue .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  get   scaled
truth:  get   queue

test:  splits quota usage into their types .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  sets   capture
truth:  sets   bit

test:  return a dictionary representation of the supplied httpresponse arguments: json : the json object to be the api block_url : the http response object returns: json representation of the api
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  a version of searchsorted .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  setup the linux server platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  yaml: finder configure jenkins to add a finder or command to the whole builds .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  provides a suitable part of a partition within a fetch group .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  filters   convers
truth:  filters   enumeration

test:  returns username for a list of user_ids user_ids .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  converts   controls
truth:  converts   ids

test:  return a string from a message .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  result   shared
truth:  result   string

test:  returns the pid for prior pids instance for a bridge/device .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate all pairwise elements in a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  pair   pulls
truth:  pair   null

test:  can work on a tuple of permutations .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  tests   docfield
truth:  tests   angle

test:  test sensitivity specificity based on sen binary .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   commits
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  if a string is formatted against a unicode string .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   suppose
truth:  unicode   algorithm

test:  converts a dictionary with keys from a dictionary to str .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  remove   review
truth:  remove   keys

test:  import the given name .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  unpack an sequence out of length septets .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek 1000 units .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   categorize
truth:  read   read

test:  compute the hyperbolic tan function of module .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   returning
truth:  evaluates   tan

test:  get options for the given defaults .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  removes colors and lspi from text .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  generate the full path recursively .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  copy api-version into one call to get the specified list of dicts .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  takes host and host host and returns the parsed proxy .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  render a formset **tag name**:: .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  return a new service .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  add   reduced
truth:  add   cli

test:  a list of all the total strings a different strings .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  stats   attacked
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install packages and download the rpm library .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  sets cookie(s) as provided by the query string and redirects to cookie list .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  decorator to enforce an api cache to not available in the session .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  parses a generator and returns a tuple of bucket and collection .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  reads and returns a disk from a local cache .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   restoring
truth:  compile   data

test:  display a review requests .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  checks whether the previous value is a pre-release .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  called at the end of the function .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  parse the javascript value and return a tuple containing the required values for the value of the environment variable definition .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  writes the filesystem representation to the given object .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  writes   enhanced
truth:  writes   object

test:  determine if the learning learning .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  verify   attempt
truth:  verify   extension

test:  generate the relationship relationship to the given relationship .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  generate   overlay
truth:  generate   func

test:  check to see if the successful upgrade is an upgrade .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  match   pulls
truth:  match   null

test:  infer the class to be the required object in the dummy class .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  set the worst avatars to max .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  show   rescanning
truth:  show   weights

test:  associate current auth with an email address in the db .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  get the current thread object as a dict .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  converts a node to a svm node .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   presents
truth:  convert   mapping

test:  writes a file to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  helper decorator for evaluated handler .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   registers
truth:  find   product

test:  validate that a model is supported by the linear models .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  check   pushing
truth:  check   model

test:  simplegesture use the name of the simplegesture .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  called when the reason is loaded .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  fires after code is executed in response to user/frontend action .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   batch
truth:  fires   code

test:  transforms a prefix to a dict of python dictionaries .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  like pylint .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  use google domains to set google domains .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  sets   estimating
truth:  sets   domains

test:  updates a github picture with a list of profile picture .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  return -1 if x is a sequence of object .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  select   eliminates
truth:  select   elements

test:  the least one of the tensor layout .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  run changed since the on-disk optional: .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  pulls   changes
truth:  pulls   languages

test:  itemgetter a tuple to only one element .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  run a task hook .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  invokes   challengenes
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   echoes
truth:  obtain   prefixes

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate wrapper shell script for java test .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  build   register
truth:  build   wrapper

test:  concatenate a list of items:: .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  concatenate   exposes
truth:  concatenate   values

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  computes the gaussian vector of the gamma function .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a default locale for a category .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  returns   printing
truth:  returns   locale

test:  expand degeneracies and primer in a sequence .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator to mark a function as not required for the given method .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  utf-8   pulls
truth:  utf-8   null

test:  writes all libraries to a config files to a temp directory .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   sanitize
truth:  write   libraries

test:  drop log stats from a log file .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  compute   attacked
truth:  compute   stats

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a command and returns its prefix .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  prefixes   echoes
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  check and ensure that it works and has parents .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the best available attributes .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  given two topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  update an error message .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  pulls   overlapping
truth:  pulls   tm

test:  parse a repository reference to a repository reference .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  resolve   orthoganlize
truth:  resolve   hash

test:  get the adapter name and mac address information .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  transforms trace variables to mirror these single trace on each input chains .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  convert   embeds
truth:  convert   pandas

test:  test that an empty filter with no filter rules .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  convert a python data structure to a boolean value .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  send a notification to a specified corresponding to an existing package .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  calculate   poll
truth:  calculate   versions

test:  return useful information from sys .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  internal method to check if string is a tokentype .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  get unique ft_library filter .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  get   wrapping
truth:  get   handle

test:  perform the ancestor score on an inner circle .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  compute   mocks
truth:  compute   scores

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  creates a campaign feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return the path of a pathname .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  try to find the path to import .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  mimics   lambda
truth:  mimics   django

test:  check if a potential potential connections on a system .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  verifies that the policy is admin on the target in this context .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  get the hardware address for a layer by a given layer .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  create a new private key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  returns a list of versions for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   poll
truth:  returns   versions

test:  itemtype view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the img onto a canvas at the specified position .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  used   indicating
truth:  used   images

test:  find all the gating milestones associated with a given course .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  finds   svn
truth:  finds   dicts

test:  wait to see select query .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  wait   xlsx
truth:  wait   query

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  bootstrap the kernel update packages .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  bootstrap   forwards
truth:  bootstrap   image

test:  handle to parameters params : string a list of to be created .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  starts the browser .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  launch a review branch dialogs .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  diff   capitalizes
truth:  diff   revision

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns an environment .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  check if the cycle of assignments are parsing from a previous expression .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  kills to the .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  add   emitting
truth:  add   character

test:  retrieve the cpu from the process affinity .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  function to create an array of arrays along the input shape and its the numpy array .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  function   colorizes
truth:  function   matlab

test:  reorder reorder in python .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  rotate   prepopulates
truth:  rotate   bits

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  ensure that the snapshot of the snapshot snapshot name is absent .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   indexes
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the p-value frame of the corpus .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  these are used dictionaries to get data from documentation and right these dictionaries that represents the data .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  calculates   bench
truth:  calculates   value

test:  same as changed .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a list of the lines of tables that have been moved .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   echo
truth:  get   minimum

test:  create an entry from a v2 entry .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  parse a string from a document like single integer .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get all criteria that match the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  assert that the elements of index is before and .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  return data to a memcache data store .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  quote a string for use in a requester header .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  convert a given image file into a sequenceexample .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  cleanup an object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   behave
truth:  usage   sync

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  add flavor access for flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  add a value to the beginning of the given thread .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  determine the standard python pkg resources .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   widening
truth:  determine   location

test:  converts si to a string of si .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  outputs   tests
truth:  outputs   span

test:  find rect value from four vertices .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  get a list of queue() policy info .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse an s3 uri uri into local exponent loads the db .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  given a type relation for a given type relation .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  map   teardown
truth:  map   type

test:  construct an object holding a time value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  deprecated   skipped
truth:  deprecated   use

test:  returns the path to the mach-o executable .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  sets the equivalencies registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  prepare the current revision of the tree .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  download   unquote
truth:  download   note

test:  delete a ip address .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  get the named unfreeze path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  extended euclidean algorithm of a quadratic or banded matrix .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   suppose
truth:  extended   algorithm

test:  helper function to produce a string .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns a list of unique elements .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  parse a string to a list of yyyymmdd tables .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get an status response with a descriptive message .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  get the inheritance of a object args: obj_name : the name of or none if object cannot be created .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  get   remote_api
truth:  get   inheritance

test:  user has access to a particular student .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  special function to help handles the context manager .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  definition : string definition of a fused definition .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  multiply two rows in square .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  displays current file path .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   stores
truth:  displays   name

test:  copy files & destination .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  pulls   generating
truth:  pulls   shell

test:  ssh key form view .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  remove all parameters from the mysql server .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  clean   restoring
truth:  clean   data

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  start the cci instance .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  return   projects
truth:  return   cci

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  a sure an array of instances that are not just checks for the defined in the form .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  used   lstrip
truth:  used   set

test:  returns the bfs tree in the graph adjacency connected to the nodes of the tree .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  formats a string per microsoft ad format .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  wait until all pending requirements are specified .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  take   switch
truth:  take   list

test:  change the cached options for a specified package cli example: .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  pulls   receives
truth:  pulls   port

test:  validates that a list of scale are valid .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   exposes
truth:  validates   values

test:  inversion iterable in all have multiple of the tree .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  surround   banned
truth:  surround   children

test:  test the top_filters interfaces specification .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  ensure   shows
truth:  ensure   subclass

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  stub to make it easier to be updated at the end of the current line .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  refresh   small_stmts
truth:  refresh   line

test:  sets the date on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   temperature
truth:  sets   date

test:  generate a student template certificates for the given student and course .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve a specific user object representing the provided course and return it .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  retrieves   disconnect
truth:  retrieves   courses

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return the current ioloop object .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  cross two hsd least least squares compute the vector .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  cross   register
truth:  cross   wrapper

test:  test cloning a git repository from an editable url which contains "dev" string .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  test   commit
truth:  test   repository

test:  returns the firewall and after which are automatically in the channels .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   sums
truth:  pick   expression

test:  writes the contents of all interface and returns a string containing bug .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  generate   asserts
truth:  generate   diff

test:  create a color light palette with color and return a tuple with color .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  get default currency for this machine .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  adds the function to be run .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  extracts the url info from http body and returns it .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  for a given target .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return true if the named service is enabled at boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  extract the current user from a docker request object .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  pulls   receiving
truth:  pulls   js

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new action object .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   preface
truth:  generates   degree

test:  remove unicode data from bom .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  adds a single tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  generate a path to a resource file .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  load   indicating
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  decorator to make post() replace block mode .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  replaces   takes
truth:  replaces   stream

test:  push a config .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  apply   yields
truth:  apply   push

test:  return the url to send to the given identity args: sandbox_name default link : the identity identity without doing the identity class returns: json-encoded string representing the identity .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  load social auth current user data to context .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  add   targeting
truth:  add   backends

test:  notify subscribed users about new suggestion .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  notify   bootstrap
truth:  notify   suggestion

test:  detects whether salt-minion is likely to be imported on this machine .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  setup the rfxtrx native .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  returns a list of instances matching the given age .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  converts all the keys in a dictionary to their appropriate values .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  set   review
truth:  set   keys

test:  list extra refs to ones lowstate .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  set adjust option as float .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  set   cause
truth:  set   option

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  pulls   interact
truth:  pulls   legendre

test:  check the status of graphs .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  pulls   find
truth:  pulls   boolean

test:  get the amount of memory allocated to vm .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   store
truth:  changes   memory

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  read the latest version of the job completion job .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  convert the characters in html .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  determine whether the course exists in the course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  determine   catch
truth:  determine   course

test:  returns a doctest .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  run   establish
truth:  run   py

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  renders the storage account details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   bounds
truth:  renders   table

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the boykov algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get api method for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   install
truth:  get   response

test:  returns true if the container exists and no_dupes is already exists .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  check   satisfy
truth:  check   container

test:  returns true if the given user has permission to connect to the given permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  compute the orient prior to be a orient prior to it .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  converts an object to a value suitable for oring .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns the given content type for this pages .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  fetch a task entity by id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  register vcs handler .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return a dict of command-line arguments .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  check that mayavi version is not installed and it should not have a min_version .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a filename based on filename name .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  convert a time to timestamp .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  test subtraction of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  parses the snapshot of a single snapshot .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   loved
truth:  parse   doc

test:  returns an array of standard sample values .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  create a new datacenter .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  creates   deleted
truth:  creates   datacenter

test:  strips all lines off a given string .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  reset permissions for a new property that are returned by the specified name .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  handle   deallocate
truth:  handle   worker

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  instantiate an old-style classes using the old-style old-style old-style old-style classes .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  entry point for external application script .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  construct   mutes
truth:  construct   app

test:  converts a volumeid passed as the volumeid to a cloudblockstoragevolume object .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a formstyle for a widget .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate the string list of the arguments .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generate   rolls
truth:  generate   substitution

test:  generate a new private key .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  uploads a given object to the encryption key .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  uploads   enhanced
truth:  uploads   object

test:  solves the type_model function differential equation .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple on mutiple .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  on windows .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a matrix x along the least squares vector on a unit vector .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  converts a dict to a python dict .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  populates   pushing
truth:  populates   model

test:  loads a module from a fully-qualified filesystem .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  return a copy of the string s .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  creates a flat list of word ids .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  compute the blended transform of the reference remap of the input data .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  obtain   offset
truth:  obtain   parameters

test:  ensure that the named index template is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   regressiont
truth:  ensure   index

test:  convert an image to a connected image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  handle   choice
truth:  handle   formats

test:  return true if *uri* is a ldap version .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get the authentication url for a backend .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  gets   spawns
truth:  gets   endpoint

test:  start a service in a start and begin it .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   patched
truth:  get   y

test:  return an instance of a new unique id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  regression test for a bug that caused been downloaded .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  tests   usage_key_string
truth:  tests   view

test:  sets the number of cuda cuda module .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  function   rectified
truth:  function   cuda

test:  try to interpret if language config has a title title .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  pulls   consisting
truth:  pulls   link

test:  parse a finder function and return a .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  returns true if sequence are already a sequence of alphabet .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  check   reveal
truth:  check   sequence

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  same as a == b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  returns a tuple of the version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns true if the given node has the tree in the tree .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator factory to track track changes .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  p: all indices in channel poly for the same way .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  synthesize   overrides
truth:  synthesize   channel

test:  this function takes a string and returns a wrapped version of the string repairs in previous_labels or so it can be converted to a single string which is in previous_labels
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  draw   preprocessing
truth:  draw   char

test:  return a comma-separated string from an xonsh declaration .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  parse   eliminates
truth:  parse   elements

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  extract entry code from writing code text .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  formats   batch
truth:  formats   code

test:  execute a shell command on the minion .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  extract   initializes
truth:  extract   program

test:  loads the gram-schmidt options and display the standard tuple .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  raise an exception with past concurrency .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  return a meshes for the given file .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of answers to send :func:unpack answers to the data identified by the given unresolved .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  gets   coordinates
truth:  gets   exploration

test:  generate a single test for without downloading the corresponding test data .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  generate   cleave
truth:  generate   providers

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  test io io .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  return a manager with compiler in n_jobs .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  iterates over a volume .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   searching
truth:  return   architecture

test:  get the path to the theme .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test if we have a merge for packages .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  test   svn
truth:  test   dicts

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated page .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   inverts
truth:  attach   statuses

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   extended
truth:  move   exit

test:  there is no threading to prevent supported by the application .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  same as a not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove a dsa from an item .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  returns the query_string from the string as a variable .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  translate   point
truth:  translate   status

test:  this function is used by the module .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  initialize   determine
truth:  initialize   projects

test:  locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   present
truth:  locate   role

test:  test that user does not raise an api .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get comparison for a single region and all rules in the given region .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  utility function that checks the user has an author .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  chamber a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  returns true if only if m+:ss is unedited .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  create a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   mount
truth:  create   task

test:  project redirects for a project and saml a project .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  prints out a blobs access control list .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  prints   emit
truth:  prints   access

test:  this returns a list of the media type submission .
truth: the media page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  convert a string like number into a number and numeric values .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  gets the path to the s3cache project directory .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  returns   deconvolves
truth:  returns   level

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a string identifying the versioned hmac hmac .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  provide   polygon
truth:  provide   hmac

test:  parses and returns the url into the given request uri .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  parse   knapsack
truth:  parse   request

test:  get the formatted summary between two texts .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  generate   import
truth:  generate   summary

test:  sends the message to a stringio on printing output .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  save   attriute
truth:  save   stdout

test:  calibration the significance of a set of predictions .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  align the input range to have a .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  parses a config input and returns a dictionary of raw lines .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  returns   cause
truth:  returns   option

test:  print a message to the given rsa msg .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render an icon to the tracker .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   resizes
truth:  render   icon

test:  run the command on a remote host .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  capture   pulls
truth:  capture   null

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  runs a suite as an environment .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  write in the configuration file to a configuration configuration file cli example: .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  writes   deflate
truth:  writes   config

test:  computes the inverse of square matrix .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  search the results of a page .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  create a connection to fire and return a domain object .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  various tests .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  execute the salt cloud storage .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  parse a content-type and return a time-zone aware datetime object .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parse   cross
truth:  parse   iso8601

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   dwindle
truth:  returns   neighbor

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  return a dictionary of unique product for a **celestial** expression .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  hash   bartels
truth:  hash   contents

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the system hwclock output of the string and return the result of the requested system .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  return   sampling
truth:  return   clock

test:  get or create an ec2 volume uuid .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   squeezing
truth:  get   uuid

test:  create and return an image from a string of the data .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return the name of a repository dir .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  determine   crop
truth:  determine   directory

test:  log a traffic server to the log file .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  logs   automate
truth:  logs   traffic

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  test logo logo logo .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   sum
truth:  test   logo

test:  returns true if the given string has a valid uri .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  adds enrollment attributes to the given user .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait until the server has *attempt_id* on the master .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   impute
truth:  wait   topology

test:  open or specified cover tilt tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  yaml: build-user-vars publish code builds from builds .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  generate kernel_arg_addr_space metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  called if the given template is shown .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  awards all certificates for a course .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  invalidate   gunzip
truth:  invalidate   certificates

test:  copy a snapshot from a docker config to a zmq server .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  generate info of the specified test suite .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  clears the plugins .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  delete filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   forgets
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  gets the rendition of a file and return the rendition suitable for the even if there is an upload task .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  obtain   define
truth:  obtain   path

test:  workaround for formatmessage .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  utility function to get a role by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   present
truth:  get   role

test:  performs median/wpgmc playlists .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rename   clean
truth:  rename   playlist

test:  write conditional formatting to worksheet with appropriate xml .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator to mark a function to be a valid immediately after multiprocessing .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  verifies   issues
truth:  verifies   caller

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  returns a flattened array .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  pulls   closes
truth:  pulls   +

test:  signals in stdout if were using deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  flags   located
truth:  flags   method

test:  load the class by alias .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   orders
truth:  load   alias

test:  find the maximum flow of maximum of a graph .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  compute the minimum of an interval .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  return   debugging
truth:  return   dataset

test:  test that vcs normalization even if vcs url does not change .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  test   flashes
truth:  test   characters

test:  to be assigned to the given node .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   rising
truth:  allocates   group

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  add   prioritized
truth:  add   messages

test:  test the javascript log file .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  name: api offer to generate an entrance exam .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   escapes
truth:  encode   student

test:  checks to see if a file is a syncfile tag .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a figure with a given aspect .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  creates   parens
truth:  creates   figure

test:  declare a defining rpc method by glcontext .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  insert   abandoned
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  create the shape of a column in the specified ndarray .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  compute   clamp
truth:  compute   area

test:  see :meth: .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  pulls   multiprocessing
truth:  pulls   css

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  pulls   remains
truth:  pulls   v1

test:  display a message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  create a fuse from many dask .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  get port and display from provided clusters .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  move to the double history .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  move   small_stmts
truth:  move   line

test:  creates a series of _idiffchange s to compute the diff number of patched passed to and classes .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  constructs   asserts
truth:  constructs   diff

test:  return a string to the directory .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   tsv
truth:  format   components

test:  initialize logging for redis .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   code
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  convert the characters &<>" in string s to html-safe sequences .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  assign role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  remove   username

test:  scan across text in the first element following the user choose the rest of its first element .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  get the global frame ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  remove an openstack file .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  mailcap a language .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  checks   stretch
truth:  checks   language

test:  test for issue #5617 when asynchronous programs .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  see   knapsack
truth:  see   request

test:  returns an object from a string including module and space .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  train a c on a random third script .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  check if a module exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterates   labeled
truth:  iterates   file

test:  only work on systems which exclusively is supported .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  set the context of the palette that are alive .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  returns the default handler for the current thread .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  fail if places are unequal .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  fail   mounts
truth:  fail   objects

test:  returns the current time in seconds with high precision (windows version .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  creates a string with the given string .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  combines   shared
truth:  combines   string

test:  test activation token .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  returns the logs for the current thread .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   decorating
truth:  returns   log

test:  returns all byte strings to binary representation .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  cast   enhanced
truth:  cast   object

test:  a context manager that will temporarily set the number of seconds to the context of seconds .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  helps   binhexed
truth:  helps   tests

test:  generate the google encoded hotp data structure of the given secret and encoded key .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  generate   polygon
truth:  generate   hmac

test:  load the default credentials from environment variables .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  returns   expose
truth:  returns   credentials

test:  sort the version of a list .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  converts a json string to a json file .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dump   aliased
truth:  dump   json

test:  collect multiple option values into a single list .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   exposes
truth:  collect   values

test:  return the configuration name for the specified configuration .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   exposes
truth:  retrieves   values

test:  validate that the host is a valid host against the given host and a given host .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  validate   assume
truth:  validate   header

test:  disable the gc for the collector collector to be used as the context .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  set   turns
truth:  set   collector

test:  parse an non-stop-codon unit array that includes the smallest line and return the number of characters .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  extracts a single file from the cloud storage .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return a object for the specified qualified .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  is   stores
truth:  is   name

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  print the number of procedure to the layer .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  unpack != from a comma-separated digest into a qt corpus .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   reading
truth:  unpack   agent

test:  calculate the frequencies of the pairs input and a vectors .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  pulls   mail
truth:  pulls   creation

test:  get html format for given document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  uninstall a feature args: feature : the full path to the feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  disables   saving
truth:  disables   feature

test:  validate and return a string value .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  filter   represent
truth:  filter   failure

test:  get the pci device format based on the device .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  trim front and fixes from trimmed array .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trims   algorithm
truth:  trims   points

test:  return true if mode is from a fifo .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  check if namespace is actually a valid name .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  name   refresh
truth:  name   scripts

test:  converts a number to a string of characters .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  encodes   sparks
truth:  encodes   number

test:  provide the tooltips for the project filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  get a locale to list of the current accepted header .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  get   let
truth:  get   fallback

test:  extract qresult / nav_extender from a list of qresult .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  function   easy_installed
truth:  function   hits

test:  get the profile type .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a tuple of css_selector => args .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  choose a random string in the given nonce .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  produces the prefix of the unicode translation input .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  detect   unifies
truth:  detect   encoding

test:  returns an incomplete comment .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from gray to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  wrap a single task .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  run   lstrip
truth:  run   set

test:  create a function that will store the functions when a symbol is a list of dictionaries .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  extract labels from node .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  ensure that the selinux folders are shared .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  grant   twitter
truth:  grant   auto

test:  check if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  when importing a file at the specified path to the file .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  in case of signin views .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the logarithm of a matrix .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a list of objects for the product product defined by the product .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  set or values of a hls where the values are painted to a set of saturation values .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  manipulate   operate
truth:  manipulate   h

test:  general purpose of characters in {} .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  indent all non-empty words in a text .
truth: indent text . 
test:  indent   supports
truth:  indent   text

test:  register a new web menu .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  generates   compressing
truth:  generates   menu

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   printed
truth:  compile   pattern

test:  a class decorator that can be used in a class or an object .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  security the current filter object so it will be read .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   reveal
truth:  close   sequence

test:  returns an absolute url for the given path .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  saves cover to the file system .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  saves   restoring
truth:  saves   data

test:  set nginx port for nginx .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  set   handles
truth:  set   site

test:  retrieve a list of all the specified urls .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to an offset or a release .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   encapsulates
truth:  get   artists

test:  convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a new dictionary .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  if path is the file or directory .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  require   crop
truth:  require   directory

test:  index the transformation cli example: .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  hydrate   flattening
truth:  hydrate   field

test:  scrub the device name from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   randomise
truth:  scrub   message

test:  create a new setuptools setuptools .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  get the mor or raise if it does not exist .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get the authentication token from an google storage service .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  fetch   guvectorize
truth:  fetch   oauth

test:  destroy the list of instances .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the path of the app module .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  yaml: phabricator execute a phabricator build step for builds .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  perform 2d radius of points whose value is in the queryset .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   publish
truth:  computes   graph

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  get a list of all published services .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   borrowed
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute rms phasediff .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   skip
truth:  compute   difference

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  construct an environment object .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  parse a gcode text and then instantiates the extruder for a gcode file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  returns a dict mapping from a users course to their information about the lti lti protocol .
truth: view that . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  tests the creation of a bug generated by "principal" .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  get   disables
truth:  get   datetime

test:  save a given model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  zpk filter function to compute an initial section .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  return   summarize
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate a list of missing links .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  generate   decreases
truth:  generate   documents

test:  ensure that validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  process   randomise
truth:  process   message

test:  cast all .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  initialize all parameters needed for the encoder .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given an object .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  replace stats stats cli example: .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  check to see if an image id is valid .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   forwards
truth:  check   image

test:  n-dimensional multivariate normal form i .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  generate all prefixes from a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   echoes
truth:  generate   prefixes

test:  return a function which will provide a flag value of the same as the default .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  setup a ec2_connect for the script .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  attempt to eclean the specified package file from the filesystem .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  clean   simplifies
truth:  clean   packages

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  calculate the md5sum address of a file .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  returns int dimension if the broadcastable dimension is currently unused .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  ensure the named function is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   backup
truth:  ensure   properties

test:  mask an email address .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  mask   based
truth:  mask   address

test:  convert the given numba type to a python type .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  converts   flip
truth:  converts   python

test:  take a posix process in the defined process with the specified name .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  shut   explode
truth:  shut   processes

test:  new field form .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  computes the protocol from the passed basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  gets a query string from the current parameters .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get symbol class by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  create a list of threaded threadpool threadpool threadpool decorator .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   childnodes
truth:  provide   timestamp

test:  sort an iterable of dicts .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  utility function to check to see if the title matches the gf(p)[x]/(f) .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  pulls   advance
truth:  pulls   title

test:  get a inset path .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  encrypts some salt minion after adding some salt to store it in the database .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return the given text and queue suitable for use with a queue identity .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  store   randomise
truth:  store   message

test:  estimate the coefficient of a matrix along the specified axis .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  repeat   exposes
truth:  repeat   values

test:  run named combine and/or query string with its arguments removed .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  request a task to have a xmodule task in bulk .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get the call to retry the signal while getting it .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  url encoded url by user that just isnt possible and encoded paths .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  returns an event object .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   xyz
truth:  find   logarithm

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   disallow
truth:  get   identifiers

test:  add inc and ignore ignore data to the inc list .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  generate   signal
truth:  generate   datasets

test:  a factory for creating a response which uses the client .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  ljust -> string return a right-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get a blank callable from an object by the given method .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  takes   instantiate
truth:  takes   arguments

test:  convert a dictionary to a tuple that will be used by the current dictionary .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  breaks   pulls
truth:  breaks   null

test:  extract the version from a string .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  format   shared
truth:  format   string

test:  get the current options from the current request .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   cie
truth:  use   predicate

test:  signal resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return a tuple of degrees of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  return   dst
truth:  return   c

test:  check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the number of a network by applying a network to the parameters of a network or group of the parameters .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   digs
truth:  adds   html

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   exploit
truth:  remove   duplicates

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  ensure that the ca tasks are created .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  ensure   forgets
truth:  ensure   filesystem

test:  run the processed tests .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  assure   resolved
truth:  assure   threads

test:  gets a specific service for the given profile .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  interpolate between from_value and to_value given the value t .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  encode a string .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a new container .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  list   bartels
truth:  list   contents

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  swap   embedded
truth:  swap   example

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with data instead of x .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  train   debugging
truth:  train   dataset

test:  delete an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns the snowflake time in the epoch .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  returns a list of unique constraints names .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  order by detect detect a mixture of raw probabilities .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   pulls
truth:  sample   null

test:  encode the string for inclusion in a cookie header .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  like the power spectral items .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  interpret   store
truth:  interpret   memory

test:  guess the extension for a file based on its mime type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   attempt
truth:  guess   extension

test:  search for a query to be included in the array .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  get the temporary plugin entry by the plugins .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  retrieve   shortens
truth:  retrieve   classes

test:  group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  halt the specified zone for the specified zone .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  halt   start
truth:  halt   zone

test:  return an image with the sample sequences that can be used to access from the sequence .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   estimating
truth:  get   domains

test:  returns true if s contains any different signs .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  get the size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  convert a value to a fixed number .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove a request and return the http request .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  removes   terminate
truth:  removes   password

test:  default function for printing session .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  decodes document data into prospective_search decodes document .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  decodes   forms
truth:  decodes   result

test:  return framework instance for framework .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  share the default safari_extensions settings .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  compute epipole representation of the second square matrix .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  is *val* a single positive *val* .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  return   induce
truth:  return   testing

test:  set new key to retrieve and dimensions .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  segregate series based on type and coerce into matrices .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  compute the log proba attribute of a unmodified in a transaction .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  calculate   suppose
truth:  calculate   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  this function is the countermonotonic b-spline function .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  normalized   decorating
truth:  normalized   log

test:  from arrays to boot partial lists of partial indices .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  compute   sympy
truth:  compute   slice

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  verify the jd1 and its _find_iso_sr .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  verify   opened
truth:  verify   re

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  convert symbols like i to valid html characters .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   deployed
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove an existing file .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  remove   d

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   deflate
truth:  assert   config

test:  run a command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  convert or integer to an int .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encodes   reshapes
truth:  encodes   serialization

test:  restart the specified app with the given id and return its status cli example: .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   freezing
truth:  restart   configuration

test:  update the throughput api identified by the given api cli example: .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  fftsurr kernel transform - see detrending .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  compute   seq
truth:  compute   fft

test:  list all available package name the name of this vmware environment .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  dump error message but continue with enabled enabled .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  safer attribute lookup -- iterable on possibly skein .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  validate   decorate
truth:  validate   matches

test:  convert a four image to reduce an image .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  whether a site has a quantity .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  internal method to push a note record .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  pushing   unquote
truth:  pushing   note

test:  render the javascript file to be included in the same way as the failed to view it in the same paths .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  render   pending
truth:  render   default

test:  access to the pokemon .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  access   adjust
truth:  access   inventory

test:  we only tell the existing job id .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  takes   unquoting
truth:  takes   environment

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  rewrite the users power of two polynomials .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  try   imposes
truth:  try   f

test:  test that feature ids can be ignored and that distance representations .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  gets a service element from the given service element and returns a dictionary with the resulting element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  take   uncheck
truth:  take   element

test:  dump a message .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  validate and return a valid date for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  construct a general prefix for the given entrypoints class .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  try to load the xmlsec1 analysis .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  pulls   rounded
truth:  pulls   purpose

test:  execute a rendering callable given the context and the context .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   regroups
truth:  execute   rendering

test:  makes the audio loop for event loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  loops   evaluate
truth:  loops   clip

test:  get password for this document .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  return list of serial slices .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return acpi_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  unsubscribe a email using the given hash .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  compute the scoreatpercentile factorization of the input array .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  gets all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  get the list of all tasks .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get the current transaction .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   tear
truth:  unregister   module

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is a valid eye eye .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  tests   minimize
truth:  tests   theano

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  build a namespace from a string to send the text to the spatially and debug message .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   equalize
truth:  build   email

test:  checks if task has validation errors .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   lash
truth:  assert   validation

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider cli example: .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  list   increase
truth:  list   nodes

test:  fixture providing text factory .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  interface to determine whether a bcache dev a bcache dev .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  decorator to create a function to tag tags .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  pulls   drawing
truth:  pulls   tags

test:  parse range of rules into one of the given statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  given an album search .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns a single space with spaces .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurse   sleep
truth:  recurse   files

test:  init the plex handler for the resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  remove all keys from a redis database cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  return a dict with unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  notify event service via notification .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  send an smb status cli example: .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  try to import and import a module .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  imports   tear
truth:  imports   module

test:  intialize a module to the previous url-decode .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  like scipy .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  set or replace 304 on dispatch to the 304 .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  removes whitespace including tab and newline characters .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  select *k* individuals from the input individuals .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  tries to find all image images in the given documentlistfeed .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  given   indicating
truth:  given   images

test:  normalize_formset_dict -> a list of representation of a dictionary .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  process message to logging .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  process   labeled
truth:  process   file

test:  load a sol model from a file and return its model class .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  pulls   pushing
truth:  pulls   model

test:  build the html documentation to download the build .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  check for linode configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  return the contents of the request .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  creates a rpc for current linux distribution .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has no distributions otherwise .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  pulls   hovering
truth:  pulls   vcs

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the incoming shape of a input tensor when input is currently taking the input .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  import a json file into a json structure .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  updates the parameters .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  build an ini map .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  convert   deflate
truth:  convert   config

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   added
truth:  detects   p

test:  test for nastiness-removal locale .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  test   changes
truth:  test   languages

test:  translate a dictionary containing only for json keys and login .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  the main function runs the bloggerexample application with the provided username and password values .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns the given string .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  install a psget socket .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  mark   extracts
truth:  mark   socket

test:  decodes the given string .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  determine the commit message to use for the latest suggestion .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a square matrix in a given callable .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  creates   cleaning
truth:  creates   matrix

test:  read values from a file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  returns a list of the mapping[name] for the given mapping .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test when we have a numpy driver .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   igor
truth:  test   device

test:  perform dictionary of participants against the users and changed from usernames .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  computes   unrooted
truth:  computes   differences

test:  validate the contents of a valid xml file .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  validate   labeled
truth:  validate   file

test:  extract a volume from the datasets that flows to their respective values .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  for each subject string in the series .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   shared
truth:  find   string

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the database to remove user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the user
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   joins
truth:  ensure   cluster

test:  return the title and title .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  convert a timestamp into a psget key for shell use in a series of integers .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   failing
truth:  convert   style

test:  delete a job by id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  repository a msvsproject query parameter .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  get   xlsx
truth:  get   query

test:  move history through the history list .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   remove
truth:  move   history

test:  replaces apostrophe character references with pandas on bypass .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  base64   flashes
truth:  base64   characters

test:  get a multivariate bson server usable in a unquote_to_bytes way .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  function   forbid
truth:  function   options

test:  wraps a method so it performs 1 .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  run command on test systems .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  perform the contents of an absolute coursecontentmilestone files in a glob directory .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a list of the custom images .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  start the standalone mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   created
truth:  start   mode

test:  write the cache for the cache directory .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  waits for a path to become available .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  note   wait
truth:  note   servers

test:  fetches student .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  function   escapes
truth:  function   student

test:  cleans the ccx contents of the ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  given a list of key-value pairs .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  opens and returns the tabs .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  function   stores
truth:  function   name

test:  remove a given image mapping from the provided image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  return true if lines are found else false .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  convert libcloud libcloud object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  generate a random text string with alpha chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  skip test unless the given command is loaded .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  parse the user .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   allocate
truth:  validates   user

test:  normalize the javascript representation of an expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   associate
truth:  function   expressions

test:  returns a binary version .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  display   extract
truth:  display   version

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  converts a subscription .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  iterate over a commit reference .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  parse the full description list .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  api: send a test to notification output .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  solves the first rule of x see also return a list of expressions .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  find   constrained
truth:  find   functions

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a nested list .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  reads the smali .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  like frappe/geo/languages .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   pending
truth:  do   default

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  get receiver records from sender .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  return a tuple containing the unix audio file for a given video .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  pulls   atom
truth:  pulls   audio

test:  return the grains from the proxy device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  get the percentage of an np .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  manage active log format for the specified server .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  manage   been
truth:  manage   format

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   timing
truth:  use   spaces

test:  make sure that the directory can hibernate .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  estimate the amount of features and return a user with an artist-list sum of the matrix where tp .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  return the line number of the message .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  deletes vm options .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  stop   hostname
truth:  stop   vm

test:  brewery samples on a sequence of arrays .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  length-byte stream of random data from a seed .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   takes
truth:  stream   stream

test:  determines whether a file is relative to a package .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  reads   bartels
truth:  reads   contents

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  returns true if g consists of g .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  check   translated
truth:  check   g

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a json sink to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  check whether value is a boolean .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  test   enhance
truth:  test   items

test:  confirm that the empty image can be published on a overlay g .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   source
truth:  test   overlay

test:  display a list of current zones zones cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  displays   switch
truth:  displays   list

test:  creates a valid package and returns its subpackages .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   downloading
truth:  creates   package

test:  parse a single header line as quoted-printable .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   small_stmts
truth:  decode   line

test:  validates all errors .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wrap an exception handler to stderr .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  print   unbinds
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns the top of the exploration with all the top rated domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  render a placeholder to the given context .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  render   applying
truth:  render   placeholder

test:  adds or updates a key for the specified key .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  attach   holding
truth:  attach   policy

test:  given an object .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  returns   leaves
truth:  returns   dictionaries

test:  display the metric server nodes that match the given regex .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  display   exposes
truth:  display   values

test:  return matching files .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  check   uploading
truth:  check   job

test:  like arg but return the output of a osbornei .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   constrained
truth:  replace   functions

test:  get geometry output by geometry .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   form
truth:  get   side

test:  create a temporary file to wrap a temporary file .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return information about the service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  get the status of a particular configuration .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  install application-specific bufr image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   gosub
truth:  install   hdf5

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   pulls
truth:  estimate   null

test:  find all files in a given file by filepath or a single string and return a single string with a single input key .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  sort   rename
truth:  sort   members

test:  escape markdown characters as suggested by a few function .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data .
truth: load the data . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  method decorator to check if the controller is set or button .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  return a proxy for the security group .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  return the studio time as a string .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  return   dictate
truth:  return   studio

test:  write translations file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  back-end method to add a new record to the victorops record .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a string is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  compute & normal power epoch .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  function   grant
truth:  function   power

test:  recursively extract source line from source .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  guess a set of files .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   labeled
truth:  guess   file

test:  returns the team that the team belongs to the team team .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  save d/dt to disk with given store .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   documents
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a log protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return a list of the elements of the given language .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns a list of handlers from a string .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   backported
truth:  return   handlers

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of occurring suitable for use wit the tinymce external_image_list_url configuration option .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   paste
truth:  stop   containers

test:  generate just the generated events to a just generated localized .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generates   fitnesse
truth:  generates   events

test:  given a path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  returns true if f overlap is overlap .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   ping
truth:  return   bounding

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  adapt the database to parses some records and atomically .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  extract the documentation documentation for the given content .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  extracts   string
truth:  extracts   texts

test:  decorator for disabling .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load an rsa key from a pem and load it .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  load   listen
truth:  load   key

test:  get a fallback humanize .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  format   temperature
truth:  format   date

test:  gets the command from git .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  filter out the pillar data for a given notification .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  password reset form .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  open a new methods that produces a locale .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  translates   enhanced
truth:  translates   object

test:  add *prefix* of given color bits to given data .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  color   step
truth:  color   names

test:  run the clip in a region .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  pulls   execute
truth:  pulls   region

test:  remove the exact id from a string .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create a new modulestore instance .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  provides a function with one selected sequences .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  applies   suppose
truth:  applies   algorithm

test:  check if named service is installed on boot cli example: .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  returns the dictfetchmany as a dict .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  start a worker worker in a worker .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   deallocate
truth:  start   worker

test:  returns a function that can be used with a positive item of a sequence of nodes .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print limit on file from tb to limit .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  extract the points from a list of points .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  is   restrict
truth:  is   array

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  recapitalizes   supports
truth:  recapitalizes   text

test:  return data about bootstrap sample data .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  samples   eliminates
truth:  samples   elements

test:  returns a list of threshold threshold for a user .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  restful crud handler for orphan uploads .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in statement with one argument to the "exec" command .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  executes   compresses
truth:  executes   statement

test:  test that functions as bound to accepted methods .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  returns a list of available discussion xblocks xblocks for the specified course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  map x**m to a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  ensure user login and migrating profile .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  return a version string containing the version of the process .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on certain length or the value of the advancing from the given individual .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  call post-configuration of the application .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  connect   pick
truth:  connect   callback

test:  return a driver for the given provider provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  check if user has access to the course with this course_key .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  bessel/thomson digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression about a random expression .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   signals
truth:  return   moment

test:  get node rotation for the specified key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  loads an object from an effort request .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  merge sort: function into a sequence of strings .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  load and log a console console to user .
truth: login to router . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  cast the given string to an object .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  change   unquoting
truth:  change   environment

test:  new separate cannot be submitted testing .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  try   ellipsoid
truth:  try   pool

test:  returns a user colorizes with the output file path and the output file from a space .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  return path to any contract .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  create a new transaction id .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  override this function based on the cursor and the result as a string .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  returns a list of paths to find the names of the given filename in the given prefixes .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  pulls   fail
truth:  pulls   virtualenv

test:  decorator to catch a function to be profiled .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  validate that iops is a 64-bit integer .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  display a legend graph from graphdef .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  display   publish
truth:  display   graph

test:  parses the imdb that matches title from title .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  ensure a parameter .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  boolean   restrict
truth:  boolean   array

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   resample
truth:  list   directories

test:  receives a parameter value .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  retrieves   talking
truth:  retrieves   dict

test:  helper to format 1 for text .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  split   gauss
truth:  split   strings

test:  step on-going list of polygon for two images .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  if youre is not none .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  used   stripping
truth:  used   step

test:  determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  determine   restricts
truth:  determine   inset

test:  create a new port from a given high_id_key .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  deprecated and format a comma-separated or a string .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  get the method name of a function .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return the 1024 in a certificate .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  a decorator (meant to track types .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  call the status of an image .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  allows a user to populate the user .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  ban   allocate
truth:  ban   user

test:  returns databook from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  compute a independence digest from rfc exporter .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  setup iframe index .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  build   regressiont
truth:  build   index

test:  remove spurious records from the postgres db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   monkeypatch
truth:  remove   geonode

test:  get an ip address for a requests .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  returns the position of a block in the smaller than the specified number .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  test loading and delete the template echo framework .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  changes   lambda
truth:  changes   django

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a sympy expression .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  retrieves a binary representation of a ordination .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  perspective add .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  determine if the message can be treated upon checking if the current line has single transform .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  returns app_label .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  get   mutes
truth:  get   app

test:  return dictionary of [yaml_files] .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get path from begin and add paths .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return a new instance of the values .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accept the current comment .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  parameters parallel the address or byte string doesnt need this address .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  separate the insane on a vm to a transport of the moment .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  fail unless an exception wrapped by name is given .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  asserts   randomise
truth:  asserts   message

test:  returns the unix tree in a string .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  apply   paste
truth:  apply   containers

test:  read a wrong table with wrong wrong marker table and return it as a byte string .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  transform an integer to a 16-bit .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  read the ctf data format .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  object   crop
truth:  object   directory

test:  test and parsing two arrays .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  remove zone and slave from a zone .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  a factory to check if a given type is consistent with a tuple of types .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 7 higher bits .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  call the reactor and run it if the given reactor is started .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  return an environment variable bound to each variable bound by bindings .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  remove all param entities from the hilbert .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  get   datetimes
truth:  get   epoch

test:  does this string have any non-ascii characters .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the number of align for a primer .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  perform   identify
truth:  perform   alignment

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  returns the description for a given file in the configuration files .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  parse   password
truth:  parse   atom

test:  get or set the radial ticklines plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  create a wrapper for the given module .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  create   querying
truth:  create   actions

test:  converts an xml string into an accountlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  this is called when the package is infer .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  check if the class is an instance of a protocol class .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  check   safe_octal
truth:  check   class

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  generator that returns true if the strings have any of the same strings in the file whose values are equal .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  copy master to file .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  require the templates/project0/ initializing .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  returns a object for the group .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  default page .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  revoke a file from a clientsecrets file .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  create   hash
truth:  create   flow

test:  get info about an installed extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  f square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  helper function to convert megacycles to channels .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a prefix to the length of a length .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  construct   decoding
truth:  construct   lists

test:  default literal depart depart handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  compute f**n map in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parses controller_key and persisting tests .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  build   mounts
truth:  build   objects

test:  upload a file to s3 .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  returns the number of elements in a list of iterable .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  guess spatial dimensions of an image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  make   batched
truth:  make   guess

test:  parses a named named named character .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   emitting
truth:  parses   character

test:  a helper function to add "value" to the {value} dictionary .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  add a value of an existing dataverse to the passed vm if an dataverse is selected .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  verifies   expose
truth:  verifies   credentials

test:  split the vim closing in line .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  update the specified users and update the given password .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  returns   terminate
truth:  returns   password

test:  helper function for creating a string .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  sets the attribute on a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  add new external taps to the module brew .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  check that pg pg name is not a valid string .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  helper to render the final graph for final evoked .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  renders   offset
truth:  renders   parameters

test:  search for an installed packages name the name of the package to install cli example: .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  searches   commit
truth:  searches   repository

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents attribute modification .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   structurize
truth:  determines   kevent

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  returns a string representation of the given color .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to a ca file using mkstemp() from a ca stream .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   gunzip
truth:  concatenate   certificates

test:  enable or disable descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  update   parsefile
truth:  update   descriptor

test:  get unpacked loops .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   recommended
truth:  remove   art

test:  return file from strings starting with the machines way .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns true if the given constant is a constant value .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  task time slot delete confirmation page .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  time   activate
truth:  time   delete

test:  computes the coefficient of variation .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  computes   silence
truth:  computes   variation

test:  computes the exponential statistic pdf function .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the pairwise kernels of a gaussian distribution parameters x : ndarray the number of arrays of arrays in each dimensions .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  compute   attributes
truth:  compute   arrays

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  this will add links to a list of links .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  return   transfers
truth:  return   plan

test:  create an epic with a constant and creating a desktop .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  retrieve the datastore stub for a blob from the datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  return system where the given library is located .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  call   initializes
truth:  call   program

test:  manipulate manipulate to catch an http basic auth .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   format_alignment
truth:  pulls   authentication

test:  returns the rendered contents of a node .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  render   looping
truth:  render   node

test:  load the fact that should be used as an argument prefix .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  get all tags for an instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  returns a path of the first portion of a given path .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  transforms   returns
truth:  transforms   something

test:  return the attribute of an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the result of the given binary .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  delete an inventory already on the provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  delete   adjust
truth:  delete   inventory

test:  get changed config value .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  load a recarray object and return result .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  toggle data register d0 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  sort public ip address .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   pulls
truth:  ip   null

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  read a form from the python object .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  register all api routes .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  run numba errors .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  create the pattern for processes matching a user .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  kill   printed
truth:  kill   pattern

test:  renders an issue for a comment .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   batch
truth:  renders   code

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  mean   offset
truth:  mean   parameters

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  get the integer flag after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  award mode controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return list of plugins to event handlers .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  find   backported
truth:  find   handlers

test:  compute complex lwork for testing .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  round   downgrades
truth:  round   point

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a non-default value .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   constrain
truth:  verify   attribute

test:  load the completed feature in the networkinterfacespecification .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  get the javascript code and return the current language code .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  change the default video location to the next iteration .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  control   colorized
truth:  control   context

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   unlocking
truth:  given   source

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   assigned
truth:  close   room

test:  extracts version from internalerror string .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  take   pulls
truth:  take   null

test:  computes the precession equation on a spectral y .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if some device has a device .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  matches   stream
truth:  matches   returns

test:  ensure prefix macros are running as nested on a nested command .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  prefix   colorized
truth:  prefix   context

test:  rename a single container container overlap to files .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  rename   satisfy
truth:  rename   container

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  attach epics as json epics to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   mutate
truth:  attach   column

test:  modify a group of parameter parameter parameter parameter .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  test either if an error is raised while a wrong range of range .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the first node that contains a node that gives the must .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  retrieves the primary vdi for a vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  retrieves   rollback
truth:  retrieves   vdi

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  make sure that any system can be used .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  write a gcode file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check that weights are valid .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  check   rescanning
truth:  check   weights

test:  check if the given metadata is metadata .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  returns a :class: .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  save the load data from all returners .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   fake
truth:  write   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   reverses
truth:  list   services

test:  returns true if user has lockable permissions .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  load block from source .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  adds   optimized
truth:  adds   script

test:  remove the given directory .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  return true if all items have present in the config .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  create directory mkdir a file .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  initializes common settings from conf sets the global configuration file .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  loads   build
truth:  loads   conf

test:  get all kex in a rounding .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  open paths with the given action and load the given action under the given parent directory .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   crop
truth:  open   directory

test:  n344 - use log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   decorating
truth:  -   log

test:  custom method to retrieve the stdout of a tornado server .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  runs   clones
truth:  runs   server

test:  parse the beginning of parameter lines .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   switch
truth:  parse   list

test:  create an opaque page from the given href .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  only load the module if iptables is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  check if fsl_course version of the required version .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  given a folder under a given name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  require an reviewer reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  determine if the field matches the child process .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  compare   multivariate
truth:  compare   blocks

test:  set the user on the current process .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  creates a directory .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  check to see if the system can be installed .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check the db permission .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the incomplete list for incomplete statements .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  convert a timestamp to the appropriate browser class .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  builds   fly
truth:  builds   latitude

test:  read a sound file including a jwt .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  see :class:downloads3key .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  resolve a query over a waiter .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  returns the http http response object .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  list all lines across the lines cli example: .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that the minimum of operation can be replacing .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  convert a polynomial to a tuple .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  return path to the directory where test data files are stored .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create a ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  find a subplot plot in list and plot the given number of style dictionaries .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  copy or reset transcript to a specified user .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  renames   labeled
truth:  renames   file

test:  utility method to get the list of gpu ids .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  removes files needed for docker files .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   raising
truth:  removes   docker

test:  type add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  decorator to handle restful crud params .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  create a tag to all activities .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  unsets   transliterate
truth:  unsets   variable

test:  generate a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  update the resource view for a given resource .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  closes connection .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  returns the text from a unicode text .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  make pidlockfile scenarios with values of scenario details .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  make   mongodb
truth:  make   scenarios

test:  return the nodes of the graph g .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  prompt user to exit .
truth: create a role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  allows a user to follow a follow page .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   allocate
truth:  allows   user

test:  display all help help files .
truth: print help message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  imports and returns a module if available .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   exception
truth:  load   macros

test:  returns command and port .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  combine   assume
truth:  combine   header

test:  helper function to get a tokenization attribute from an attribute .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  return network an install user information .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  similar to strings .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  measures   itersubclasses
truth:  measures   similarity

test:  fill the inset file or gcode text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  feed   supports
truth:  feed   text

test:  get flavor access list by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  returns a list of all the node classes in the given base and the given base node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  retrieve   flip
truth:  retrieve   python

test:  city request lat based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  use this decorator to wrap a validator .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  twitter sessions are secure .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  a spectral roll-off function inplace .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  send analytics event .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  tracks   prioritized
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run indexing on the given index .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  index   mounts
truth:  index   objects

test:  decode hex encoded value to a hex encoded string .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decode   flattening
truth:  decode   field

test:  get a list of all detected users .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  list   deconvolves
truth:  list   level

test:  add node names to the table .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  generate a random s3 key see: url .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  pulls   httperror
truth:  pulls   digit

test:  inject access information from a course .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  simple html page .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  called   replaced
truth:  called   digits

test:  run a shell command and return its output .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  execute   instantiate
truth:  execute   arguments

test:  called from the minion to handle decode-url .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  pulls   undo
truth:  pulls   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace declaration_list statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  internal function to check if theres a function over a median .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  extract only dependencies from reg whose keys are in the graph .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  wrap the proxy method in a collection .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  writes data to firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  updates media upload .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  return a unicode pattern for the given pattern or if -1 is an unicode string .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  deletes an argument passed as an instance of a built-in type .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  encapsulates   utf-8
truth:  encapsulates   argument

test:  fix for an object in a formatted date .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  calculates a buffer to a file: stream .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  populate the cached task set by unknown tasks .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns the overall reciprocity for all edges in the graph .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  attach all objects and data to a given dict of tags to be replaced with the specified dict .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  fetch   drawing
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  make a test tag for the given tag and time of the given object .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   enhanced
truth:  make   object

test:  finds all migrations of an already .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  retrieve a list of order for the given db .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  return   associated
truth:  return   listing

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  this function is currently only here we have a polynomial in the same as the threading .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  install ssh task key .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   review
truth:  install   keys

test:  waits for pid .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  expected   inputhook
truth:  expected   sys

test:  you can override this fixture to enable the celery worker .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  quote a string .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  only work on systems which default to smf .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  check that value is a string containing all values of the values in the dictionary .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   located
truth:  implements   method

test:  return a list of jobs .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  filter   protects
truth:  filter   args

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  update a value to use of config values .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  function   orthonormalizes
truth:  function   min

test:  return the common d that has the most recent value .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  pulls   wrap
truth:  pulls   defaultdict

test:  load social auth current user data to context .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns an iterable of common addresses that are on the given string .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  memoize aka cache the return output of a function given a specific set of arguments .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  put a group of star to be passed to the module .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  download a timestamp from jitter to html documentation .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  return   digs
truth:  return   html

test:  sort messages according to the given sort table .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sort   randomise
truth:  sort   message

test:  find a directory using sgml/xml/html .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  set an item in the item .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  scale image to a given image and height .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  return true if a virtualenv exists on the specified directory .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  initialize the global variables to use .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   inquire
truth:  initialize   tool

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  run openpyxl and column in default mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  parametric a number of events .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  start   igor
truth:  start   device

test:  helper function to format the firewall output of the supplied command line .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse the graftpoints dictionary into a dictionary of .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  get the region for elastic mapreduce in the given region .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  updates routes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  patch   grouping
truth:  patch   system

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  custom handler to check ticket and set a custom request for ticket to integration .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  return a time in a time .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  converts a unicode code into an integer representing its canonical code .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  yaml: rundeck adds support for trend requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:scp plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   homebrew_packages
truth:  traverse   structure

test:  detach accept accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  detach   alignment
truth:  detach   section

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  decorator that forces the copied from the given spyne .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  obtain the environment variables in a shell .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the team team with team_name from a team team with team_name .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  format a number .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  esummary provides entrez database counts for a global search .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  return value for the requested metric from the storage .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  iterate over all modules in the format to format .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  complete   assign
truth:  complete   requests

test:  generates a unique user id .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  regression fake event for a set of points .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  find the position of a sequence in a regular expression .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  search   binds
truth:  search   dna

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  check   trim
truth:  check   support

test:  get the billable and addons list .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  add a nick to a nick .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  clone a payload message for the given guid .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  clone   bench
truth:  clone   value

test:  write homebrew objects to a named package(s) bin cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  main entry point of git files .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  run   flip
truth:  run   python

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_photo service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  activate jquery animations to the same way as the one .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  step 2 characters representing a single histogram .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  given a richtext object .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   weblate
truth:  remove   references

test:  replace metadata with metadata .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  send a python object out of json values from the python object .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  creates a new account on the twitter party .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  call   drops
truth:  call   call

test:  builds a recursive structure containing the national number of national characters .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  converts   r^2
truth:  converts   form

test:  callback for the rigidly connection option .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check a pep 302 "loader" .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  check classes or the class with a correct classes .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update an aware .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  given a list of issues after a single closed issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  checks   augments
truth:  checks   issues

test:  test image with wrap=true .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to declare which hosts are for the application .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  clone a zone to new zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  install   start
truth:  install   zone

test:  checks api microversions range and returns whether test needs to be run against the test client .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  select   carry
truth:  select   test

test:  parse the shape of a np .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   utf-8
truth:  parse   argument

test:  mark an entrance exam as re-loads .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  mark   escapes
truth:  mark   student

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  run the test layers module .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  assumes   pulls
truth:  assumes   null

test:  formats a human readable string to a file .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  outputs an expires header for delta from a datetime .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   assume
truth:  outputs   header

test:  call signature:: .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  split f into gensim polynomial using the g .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  return   introduce
truth:  return   l

test:  get a list of available images .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  list   offset
truth:  list   parameters

test:  hide an existing tweet tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  hide   bypassing
truth:  hide   tweet

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  require   resorts
truth:  require   python2

test:  whether there are chocolatey to be chocolatey .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  make a row from a list of names .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  htmlhelp html .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  makes an image by n-length the resulting events .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  concatenate   decoding
truth:  concatenate   lists

test:  test whether minute .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get the control points of the quadratic tensor .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  opengl opengl configuration variables .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  -   fake
truth:  -   load

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  temperature   del
truth:  temperature   gcode

test:  count the number of indices where the indices is the right value is .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  pulls   reverse
truth:  pulls   permutation

test:  adds two fields to a single header and returns the original representation .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  make   break
truth:  make   operations

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  appends   show
truth:  appends   notes

test:  add the given ip address to the ipython extension .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  load   issue
truth:  load   ipython

test:  return the message name for the given backend .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  serve the mogilefs info from the component .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  called   allocate
truth:  called   user

test:  ensure that the tpot aware of a line numbers is still written .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  adds the user to the request id .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  mark   knapsack
truth:  mark   request

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  return   decimate
truth:  return   constructor

test:  parses request data and returns a dict containing the certificate data parsed by the user and user exception .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  parse   producing
truth:  parse   certificate

test:  setup the graphite feeder .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  returns a tuple of the dependencies of the specified package .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  add   extract
truth:  add   version

test:  dimitem : id | identifier | type_qualifier | prec .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  parse a single *query value .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   scop
truth:  returns   token

test:  return a assembles from an object or a file-like object .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  detect   exposes
truth:  detect   values

test:  only in python 2 .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  computes a theano log describing a theano function .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  chop and prevents an image on some chars .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  chop   pulls
truth:  chop   null

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  check that certain header is turned on header objects .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  loads a demo collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   reallocation
truth:  loads   collection

test:  return true for down by setting and common down .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  breaks   modbus
truth:  breaks   cookie

test:  returns a context object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  this subroutine subroutine is a generic set_position_target_global_int implementation .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   capitalize
truth:  convert   distances

test:  only load if the stormpath module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  list currently active key as a dict .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return compactionstats cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  get the keys or inspect .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  decorator to make sure that a function is actually a test case .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create the metric parameters to use for each metric .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  initialize   reads
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  returns true if the given method has a valid method .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  sets a assignment_operator from a component .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  repairs   responds
truth:  repairs   database

test:  check if we have peer access ? .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  convert hex string to hex bytes .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   flow
truth:  convert   fields

test:  generate a git command string .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   authorizes
truth:  generates   command

test:  parses a single json file into a json dict .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  extract   aliased
truth:  extract   json

test:  element-wise extension in schemas format .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  auto-generate all of the given file .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   sleep
truth:  delete   files

test:  lists the vlan to network with the given network .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  make a lazy operation on all related models .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  schedule   reported
truth:  schedule   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   convert
truth:  merges   sequences

test:  indent a block of text text with the given prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  add   taken
truth:  add   beginning

test:  the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns json activity for matching changes as json .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   lbrace
truth:  returns   activity

test:  create a servicepair for testing purposes .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  suggest a table of :class: on a given agent .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  iterates over f .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  pulls   syncing
truth:  pulls   hermite

test:  display the amount of idle time until the hard disk sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   reloads
truth:  display   amount

test:  build a url for the api .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  generate   cloning
truth:  generate   github

test:  evaluate a continuous subsequence of expression .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  place a friendly machine .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  copy a file to disk .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   wanted
truth:  copy   filename

test:  returns the total array of disabled encoding .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  determine   restrict
truth:  determine   array

test:  assist in 0 .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  push   uncheck
truth:  push   element

test:  support the acoustid server to wrap a acoustid server .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  get   specified
truth:  get   fingerprint

test:  plan is the first rechunk of the plan with a new block rechunk set in the new block .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  plan   pulls
truth:  plan   null

test:  create a role cli example: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  returns a list of file in the given host .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  create a boilerplate listener from a :class:pyramid .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   talking
truth:  convert   dict

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  a required to call a service with the specified name .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  concatenate   default
truth:  concatenate   part

test:  returns a globally .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the pack class .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  get all python packages .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  returns link to weblate url .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  returns   compile
truth:  returns   documentation

test:  format a datetime object as a unix date .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  apply   support
truth:  apply   time

test:  returns a list of courses courses to test provided user .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   disconnect
truth:  returns   courses

test:  compute polynomial composition f(g) in k[x] .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  compute   r^2
truth:  compute   form

test:  retrieves and return a sql query of the given hash .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  perform   xlsx
truth:  perform   query

test:  filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   mounts
truth:  filters   objects

test:  sleep the system to initiate a process .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  sleep   grouping
truth:  sleep   system

test:  install the latest version of pip_ .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   trim
truth:  install   support

test:  wrapper around dot .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  function   defines
truth:  function   attributes

test:  return a string describing an instances via its instancestate .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  same as a -= b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  install pyenv if pyenv and python is installed .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   embedded
truth:  install   example

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configures   unquoting
truth:  configures   environment

test:  interpolate bads meg channels .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  test to ensure a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  test for running pyinstaller .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  return a dictionary of tuples containing the given axis .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a named model of the given list of features .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  apply   pushing
truth:  apply   model

test:  perform a pair .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the colormap where the given image can be converted to a series of the linearly .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  computes the pyzmq queue from a list of paths to one element or more unfreed matrix .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  analyze   thrusting
truth:  analyze   space

test:  raise an expression if expr is true .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  convert text into a dns rdata class value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  convert   initalizes
truth:  convert   dns

test:  given an beautifulsoup table .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  checks   resets
truth:  checks   beautifulsoup

test:  create an empty media for an already open file descriptor object .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   slave_open
truth:  create   media

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  pulls   activate
truth:  pulls   delete

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   indexes
truth:  destroy   snapshot

test:  check whether the python version isnt a pre-release string and has the old data .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  validate that the servicetype is a valid servicetype type .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  verify   requesting
truth:  verify   i

test:  custom view for sphinx extension .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a new datetime .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  fetch a url and pass it to a value .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  validate   access
truth:  validate   url

test:  default widget page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  installs the domain and python for this system .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   crack
truth:  install   _

test:  check to make sure the default test execution is true .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  checking the error code returned by the last argument .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   batch
truth:  error   code

test:  sort a list of master and fill them to the same fill as satisfying .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sorts   pulls
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load a word file from a binary library and return it as numpy array .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  loads   carve
truth:  loads   word

test:  parses the flags into a dict .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  extract   offset
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  test gl vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  returns a truncated cases .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  return   reflect
truth:  return   testcase

test:  return a list of vms on opennebula .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  returns the available compressor ports .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  returns   removes
truth:  returns   gzip

test:  load a file-like object from a supplied logger .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  scenario description takes scenario .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  converts text to a string .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  find a file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  tests that the same labels with pytables labels and labels are pytables .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  fixture to return a url to test .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  url   storing
truth:  url   template

test:  remove a css class from css classes .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   safe_octal
truth:  remove   class

test:  function that converts expr to unicode strings .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   pauses
truth:  function   printing

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  test isolation forest for known sparse vectors .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  add hosts to the aggregate .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   bundled
truth:  add   aggregate

test:  clear the default configuration plugins and pick names .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  generates all whitespace from the input file .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  make   comma
truth:  make   whitespace

test:  update general event .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  enable   belong
truth:  enable   hook

test:  search a dict for fields .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save an image to disk .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  saves   restrict
truth:  saves   array

test:  chomp version number .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decodes data into a bit string .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   negate
truth:  decode   resource

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  create a source script .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  source   optimized
truth:  source   script

test:  returns the url to prefix for a given url .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  join   manage
truth:  join   fragment

test:  combine two files .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  gives mute preferences for given user_id with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  gives   coordinates
truth:  gives   exploration

test:  click a html component of the element with the specified menu .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   stores
truth:  normalize   name

test:  create a gui .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  parses html entities that are not always returns html .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  leave   saves
truth:  leave   links

test:  add the default workers to the server table .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   flattening
truth:  add   field

test:  es down the user and create the down template context .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  returns   mean
truth:  returns   elasticsearch

test:  returns the only one that are the ratio of the objects in the given domain .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  this is a proxy function to be used as the process using the request_id module .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  wrap a function to memoize results .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  caches   dispatched
truth:  caches   calls

test:  compute image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  returns a httpresponse that has the same license as the view .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  pulls   count
truth:  pulls   lms

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   dereference
truth:  returns   width

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  compute bit covariance matrix .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  returns a random integer in the range [0 .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  tests file on-disk file ceased and on-disk on-disk confirm .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  increments a generator .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  run tests from the given test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  escape & .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  compare the replication status in the networkinterfacespecification .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  get the string representation of the xml as a dictionary .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  return   autoencoder
truth:  return   xml

test:  retrieve all quotas for a given resource class .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  returns true if the given platform name is a valid set of os x * mysql 4 unsigned counter used for the previous platform .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  returns the elapsed time .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  calls   branching
truth:  calls   progress

test:  maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  maps   destroy
truth:  maps   dtype

test:  configures an explicit audio output device .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   flattens
truth:  configures   output

test:  logs a section for the analytics analytics section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  top zero or more dictionaries of the input score .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  regularized   filesize
truth:  regularized   derivative

test:  attempts to expand a column according to a given order .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  parses an open record file .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the list of cover art associated with a given request .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  get   pressing
truth:  get   cover

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return the resolved tree dictionary for the given tree node .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  update download page .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of each test within the given test suite or case .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return details about webapp url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  find   lowess
truth:  find   tomcat

test:  a sane implementation of obj .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  validate that the beacon configuration variables .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  test overlapping based on before having previous previous previous martelli .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  open a persistent database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  exists   retrying
truth:  exists   compatibility

test:  determine the endpoint of a complex endpoint .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  show the time zone aware datetime .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  calls   safe_octal
truth:  calls   class

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  affine transformation + point-wise nonlinearity .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  init   format
truth:  init   parameter

test:  asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches the specified regular expression .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   supports
truth:  asserts   text

test:  return the version of the named version .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return an integer representing the mapping of a call to the mapping of the current trainer database .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  given   multivariate
truth:  given   blocks

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   lets
truth:  document   handler

test:  set transitive random estimator .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  set   currents
truth:  set   state

test:  returns the user requests for a given username .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  make verbose padded to english .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  create a new blockdevicevolume with a dataset_id derived from the given blockdevice_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return certain certain value for each pixel of the matrix executed .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  convert all allows us to html .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  retrieve   shared
truth:  retrieve   string

test:  error checking on routines that should not return one .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  plots a sequence of hup .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used as an absolute filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if the user or has visible to access this context .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  build the celery error handler to log the celery build process .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  returns root urls of a given image .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  returns a list of all images of the product of the product of the product of the product on the product of the specified product .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  return the system time for a given range of the current process raises: .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  convert   digs
truth:  convert   html

test:  get ordered loop from nested loops .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  run command against an item .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  password change password change to allow a user to access a password .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  change   bring
truth:  change   page

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   enhanced
truth:  import   object

test:  return the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  project list of forecast level steps far .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  produce   offset
truth:  produce   parameters

test:  fork off a process .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  emit the url for the current token .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution uses rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  see get_jobs() .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a qimage .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   host
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the numba removes the status message when an timeout is raised .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns all exploration summaries for the given exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  read from the form required by the whitespaces library .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  root_helper data in delay .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  is   coupling
truth:  is   target

test:  create an instance of the equity curve curve on the specified curve .
truth: args: all_holdings : 账号资金历史。 returns: pd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  log a message with severity exception on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  factory function provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of accepted in the exclude database .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  generates an input shape structuring width readers take to dynamically .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  reads   prettyprint
truth:  reads   examples

test:  return a tablespace to connect to the postgres server .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  safely delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  a function to check the diff of a diff .
truth: main function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the string with empty and end of a single space .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  takes a string and returns the number of bytes and the offset .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  reads   hacked
truth:  reads   buffer

test:  setup a set of axes and a set of axes .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  pulls   socket
truth:  pulls   projection

test:  convert a dictionary to a tree of a tree .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  for order order function .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test using a numerically stable reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  test   localize
truth:  test   reference

test:  returns default deadline for credit .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  view .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   given
truth:  view   register

test:  search a value of a field .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  takes config dict and returns a full config name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  get the file path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  undo the root logger .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  undoes   demonstrates
truth:  undoes   setup

test:  api: send a test to notification output .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  add pillars output to negatives .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  get default object for values .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  manages the communication between this process and the call .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve all usage associated with a given resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  format string according to rfc 2822 protocol .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  yaml: critical set environment variables to end up at certain text1 .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  look up the key for the given transport fingerprint .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  create two matrices of a pregnancy polynomial .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  taken   contributed
truth:  taken   t

test:  test whether filename matches pat .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  try to num_nodes a spyne object based on info that the info in the registry .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  gets   r^2
truth:  gets   form

test:  returns a list with key .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  ignore if the supplied key exists in context .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  rebuild the schedule if it has changed .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  try   indices
truth:  try   kb

test:  return a list of all translations .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  cache   mounts
truth:  cache   objects

test:  create a new course .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   catch
truth:  create   course

test:  get absolute path if it exists .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  get a public ip blocks .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  download and print stats to a tarball .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a successful object .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  perform any object of a file on a given pool .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  downloads   inform
truth:  downloads   entry

test:  returns the path to the s3cache variable .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  return a tree hash from a list of entity .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  return a dictionary of srs that provided srid the given srs .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  takes   mignotte
truth:  takes   things

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   assume
truth:  adds   header

test:  wrapper around center that parses us/eastern and paste .
truth: return a window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  numpy implementation of datatable .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  performs   plugin
truth:  performs   division

test:  decorator to check the fits is not a transaction .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return an md5 file on a specified environment cli example: .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  solves the linear differential equation using the linear equation function .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  print git and prints a sorted list .
truth: print this help . 
test:  print   xfail
truth:  print   help

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  get a ceilometer instance for the given spm instance isnt a spm instance of the plugins directory and description plugin .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  find   decimals
truth:  find   storage

test:  resolves the argument to a numeric constant .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns the region code that matches a phone number .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  profile a profile .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  profiling   accessing
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote list of characters .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  generate a sphinx report for the given traffic .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  return   fragment
truth:  return   report

test:  create a directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  a generator that allows you to get a fixture parametrized .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  shows the language for an atom message .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  returns a resource reference as a resource by the resource .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  retrieve   pushing
truth:  retrieve   model

test:  multiple values efficiently are assigned to this validator .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  delete specific records .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  return a driver function that can advance a sequence of squares; .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  waits for the application to be run .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  replace backslash with xxx to prevent syntax matching .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  trailing   determines
truth:  trailing   indexing

test:  configure cluster configuration backend for use with the connected connected to show and configuration .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   request
truth:  configure   control

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  get all ckan after the given request .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  get elementnodeobject .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  calculate messages for group and group .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  strips   pulls
truth:  strips   null

test:  get the current time in seconds since epoch .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  deletes a route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   astring
truth:  deletes   route

test:  return a list of exercises a user belongs to .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  generate absolute application application by the image name .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  indices -> list return a list of useful for every dimension of ascii values .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside cfrunloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  show a network rule .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  compute autocovariance for comparison matrix parameters x : ndarray array the magnitude spectrum .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  assumes   support
truth:  assumes   time

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   reported
truth:  patches   function

test:  return a list of the metadata of the specified resource .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  test general log-likelihood of different numerators .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  calculate   format
truth:  calculate   parameter

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  return a single line .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  returns boolean indicating whether options are valid .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the configuration path for a key .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  searches an manual search for a given search and name .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  input   visualize
truth:  input   artist

test:  init configuration and methods from a file .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   encapsulate
truth:  init   instance

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  gets the list of inner objects of the managed objects of the managed type specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  returns hwaddr and map from a list of interfaces .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  provide   talking
truth:  provide   dict

test:  wrap a function to determine if the api is a permission user .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  accepts an integer and a nonnegative .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  de the version of all pk' .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  removes   lcmv
truth:  removes   models

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   publish
truth:  write   graph

test:  configures fullscreen on defined msg .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  reload apache .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  routes   undoes
truth:  routes   routes

test:  translate a movie .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  writes   assemble
truth:  writes   movie

test:  normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  difference of linear operators .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  divide   looking
truth:  divide   operator

test:  predict the legend into a single-element .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  return the contents with the given partition sequence .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a file .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  returns the mckean-schrader transform along the x .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field field .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  join -> string return a string of the list of lists of days .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  for when you want to encodable .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  generates a string of help words based on the percent-encode and the results of them .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   restrict
truth:  scharr   array

test:  given vpc connection object .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  finds   enhanced
truth:  finds   object

test:  kegg link to a specific set .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  link   consisting
truth:  link   link

test:  update the backend to be used with salt fileserver fileserver : the side-by-side of the salt fileserver psychopy .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  returns the function in a function list .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  require a freshdesk configuration file .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  require   handles
truth:  require   site

test:  call the function spec .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  verify that a path is a valid canonical as a string that is a directory that is a valid live path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  helper function to update the virtual channel as an active metric .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  setup sphinx extension .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  setup   attempt
truth:  setup   extension

test:  test reading a table witn no column header to the list of table objects .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  asynchronously fetch the worker process asynchronously .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  list of accounts that will be sent to a log message .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  list of the keys in the gpg gpg database .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  function   review
truth:  function   keys

test:  return a list of all available formats for the specified formats .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  list   choice
truth:  list   formats

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  strips leading space characters from line .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   timing
truth:  return   spaces

test:  transforms a dataframe to a map .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  logs out user and displays page .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  for piece of python docs .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  automatically initializes a unit field from a role_permissions .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given an object .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of available images on the images in the given directory .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  asynchronously retrieves the memcache factory for the specified process from work .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  print a friendly exception to stderr .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  push a delimiter onto the current transaction .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  push   integrityerror
truth:  push   repositories

test:  checks if a forum has access to a forum access for the given course .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  boolean   colored
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  return systemd version information for this module .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  create backups files in a given directory .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  tars   sleep
truth:  tars   files

test:  reshape iterator to nested element .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  unpack   confirmed
truth:  unpack   length

test:  test to ensure its easy to custom the exception exception works as expected .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  processes the directory structure and return the script that should be disabled .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  returns true if url is a safe redirection .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  push a maximum single-commodity flow using the preflow algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  shortcut to pull request from parent directories .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  pulls   encode
truth:  pulls   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get all compute a service belonging to a topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   based
truth:  remove   address

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  retrieve the last rate at given erpnext and return a uuid string for each url .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   formatted
truth:  get   rate

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parses the ancient function function to extract the raw ancient and combination of a numpy array .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  renders a avatar avatar .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  render   generate
truth:  render   users

test:  if output is true .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  match   reported
truth:  match   function

test:  like providers[provider_name] .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  expand   reset
truth:  expand   reader

test:  return acpi_tables information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  create a new .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  attach a role points to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   downgrades
truth:  attach   point

test:  get the pid of the process instance .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  private function to get contrast array of points from array .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  add vertex element to the vertexes .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  create a single sensor .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  callback   overrides
truth:  callback   channel

test:  check the root absolute mean and your regression .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  use logging to set logging level for all the same loggers .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  registers a new original_size binary way .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  get the xml element .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  check to see if a instance profile exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a phone number for a phone number .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  delete one of the config lines .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  setup the variable[conf sensor .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  this function does a serialized serialized data on the document .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  cached   aliased
truth:  cached   json

test:  solves bernoulli order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  parses a simple network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] rule .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  parse   unescapes
truth:  parse   rule

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  removes the was generated from new and has more than target as a list of targets .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  insert   pulls
truth:  insert   null

test:  validate single tunnel tunnel .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  saves a network to its new ip address .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  remove   instructs
truth:  remove   loopback

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   interpret
truth:  return   dashboard

test:  checks the current versions required .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  require   extract
truth:  require   version

test:  backwards compatibility .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  return correct boot type .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  returns whether the given id should be valid .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  either a date or iso8601 formatted date .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  turn   enhanced
truth:  turn   object

test:  print out the current referenced by a tagged test .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  attaches   bench
truth:  attaches   value

test:  add a recent tile to the given body .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   expect
truth:  add   body

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  return   customized
truth:  return   salt

test:  return the signature of the data .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  decode   restoring
truth:  decode   data

test:  returns the directory of the directory containing the bokehjs sections .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   disconnects
truth:  returns   dir

test:  get the evaluate_elements directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns the skipgrams again of a passed sequence .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a random paragraph of paragraph .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   supported
truth:  returns   paragraph

test:  returns true if the object has the permission to be used for the given codename .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  decorator for concrete instance methods .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the same and b .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  returns the greatest common divisor of a and b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  returns   downgrades
truth:  returns   point

test:  consume the contents of pubsub .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  idlist : idlist ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess unicode names .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  an empty view that returns the healthz .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  pulls   spawns
truth:  pulls   endpoint

test:  generate a native file and shuffle it .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  call this function if a function raises dictization_functions .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the file path of a given file .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return -> string return a copy of the object .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  return directory where file has given tests .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  loads sensitive data from dbms query string .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  determine which of products are allowed to be joined by products .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  restrict   waveform
truth:  restrict   products

test:  set the decorated function as an attribute of the information .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  pulls   defines
truth:  pulls   attributes

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  get cart from a user .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  i send an email containing the default step .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  wrap layer so we can get the layer number of results to stack .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  pulls   initialise
truth:  pulls   layers

test:  get a comma-separated string of length length chars .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse stats from one or more registration_ids .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test the structs .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  skip an object or list of objects of a data field .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  decode   stores
truth:  decode   name

test:  decorator to create a task class out of any callable .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  this function generates an full polynomial of the polynomial sensor .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  retrieve quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   optimize
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   exposes
truth:  print   values

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  create a database manager object .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  adds new one or more frames to the exception frames .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  removes   post_save
truth:  removes   metadata

test:  handle a flat item in a flat .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  extend   contructs
truth:  extend   sample

test:  get the front strategy for the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  delete a worker with given values .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  utility function to print a text to stdout .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  make the package metadata .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  build   corresponding
truth:  build   wheel

test:  updates the opkg database to latest packages cli example: .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  scenarios have hashes with inline comments and yet dont consider them as comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  pulls   unroll
truth:  pulls   steps

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  split the path components into .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  constructs a timestamp timestamp into a utc timestamp .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  formats   childnodes
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  makes logs .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  make   gauss
truth:  make   strings

test:  returns the liveaction into an actionexecution compatible dict .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  request   decrease
truth:  request   action

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  runs the reactor and return its output as a resulting reactor .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  rewrite the user .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  rewrites   allocate
truth:  rewrites   user

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  tests revision gets a base revision and on-disk revision .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   capitalizes
truth:  tests   revision

test:  get the temporary directory path from the application .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  determine   labeled
truth:  determine   file

test:  main function for the sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  pulls   contructs
truth:  pulls   sample

test:  restore the graph that has the same name in a graph .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tobytes should only be executed .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  replacement for the elements of an object .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   homebrew_packages
truth:  clone   structure

test:  generate the theme for the theme .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   sampled
truth:  generate   footer

test:  type_qualifier_list : * | newline .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller for whitelisting senders .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a installed distribution object for a requirement or string .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  like :func:pbkdf2_bin .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  evaluate a python structure of the given target target .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  runs a sequence of input keras into a space-separated list .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  read   extract_array
truth:  read   tf

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   alignment
truth:  retrieve   section

test:  parses iso 8601 dates into a formatted datetime object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  returns a tuple of the form ids to send to one of the tries to the tries .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  create a tuple of shape and apply to the input data .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  return   interfacing
truth:  return   axes

test:  remove the first element in the given document .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  removes   eliminates
truth:  removes   elements

test:  compute the linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  execute a service on a service .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  detect   initializes
truth:  detect   program

test:  compute the 1-norm of a rotated estimated optimality .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  get the true for the passed true cli example: .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  get media and port from the system .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  interfaces   offset
truth:  interfaces   parameters

test:  compute an surface for a filesystem filesystem .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  calculate the rayleigh range from the waist of a gaussian beam .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  convert markdown text to markdown field .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  unregister wrapper .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  resets   trending
truth:  resets   driver

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  returns if a function is monotonic or if a monotonic function .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  loops through every elements .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  returns a non-ascii string of the given *prefix* .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  writes   storing
truth:  writes   template

test:  check that the example holds the same dimension as the jpl .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  computes the exponential likelihood of an array along a given axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  print an element to an xml element .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  pulls   autoencoder
truth:  pulls   xml

test:  updates the supplied urls with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html urls .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  perform the vera vera controller platform .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  perform   travel
truth:  perform   vera

test:  push a double word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   carve
truth:  push   word

test:  check that a datetime object has a small range .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  test   evacuate
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the default column value for a given column .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  retrieve roles from marathon .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  get outset path output .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  helper function to walk a dictionary of columns with the given prefix .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  like stream_encode_multipart .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  resolve   extract
truth:  resolve   version

test:  get a screenshot for a screenshot .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  displays   reorders
truth:  displays   screenshot

test:  elliptic elliptic interval from time or unicode string .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  retrieve a structured line for a memcache .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  retrieve   unmarshalling
truth:  retrieve   sizes

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return a users user object this function is the uid and 1s for the current user .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  instantiate a full url as a full url parameters .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  translates xkcd <search information .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  load python data from a file as a python object .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  a generator which turns all documents in a given string into a data structure .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  iterator   packed
truth:  iterator   chunks

test:  returns the version of the stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  guess the method of a method .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restore an incomplete config based on the original configuration .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  create directory tree .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  pull out methods that are allowed to be consumed by the client .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  provide bound error on a larger than one epoch_str epoch_str .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   username
truth:  evaluate   calculation

test:  given an object .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  runs evaluation against its scripts .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  load a library .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  test that a table of tables is supported on the representing the tables includes the tables .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a valid code object .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  load a file created by path .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return list of partitions close by a device .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  fix a boolean to contain the size of a size .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  fix   analyzes
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator that returns the elements in a dataset .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  like the absolute path to a module name for the executable .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  creates a campaign feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  tprob correlation of billedopproto .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  calculate   threshold
truth:  calculate   distribution

test:  return all some files .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  return path component of paths from sys .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target ignoring ignoring .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  restart traffic server on the local node .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  convert an image to a scalar .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove packages using opkg remove .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  for the application inheritance .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  locate   storing
truth:  locate   template

test:  a version of switch_orientation .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  item add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get the cli input from the given cli .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  tokens   dtype
truth:  tokens   arg

test:  print a string with the tokens in a reference of tokens .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  trim any item off of a list .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  eliminates   pulls
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns the supplied function to display for a given function .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  get atomic group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  enables   pulls
truth:  enables   null

test:  check a list of determinism .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  output   flask
truth:  output   times

test:  features should register tags .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  applied   handle
truth:  applied   features

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   unescapes
truth:  apply   rule

test:  read a command on the system .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  generate a random item from the specified distribution .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  create   renders
truth:  create   series

test:  delete display_name .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  establish a socket connection and return a tuple of the given host and port .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check to see if a docker vm is power on the host cli example: .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  helper function to update a trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   applied
truth:  update   trace

test:  return the comment for the given comment .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  extract information from a google storage path .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  filter   hits
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  wrap usage with the usage title .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  returns a random string/key of value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  run a command and get its output .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  runs   attriute
truth:  runs   stdout

test:  convert the supplied configuration file to a string .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  takes   freezing
truth:  takes   configuration

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  friendly - generic interface - is available for debugging .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  clear cached image name .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  discard   added
truth:  discard   p

test:  create a new git repository .
truth: remove " . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  check if a stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  check   takes
truth:  check   stream

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  user print format for given document .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items in the release file data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  verify a certificate to the certificate .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  run to_balance without script .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  open   insert
truth:  open   targets

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  this function takes a string and returns either this string or a regexp string and some of the string .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  function   shared
truth:  function   string

test:  currently executing connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  custom representation of ipv6 addresses .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  perform the string and return the output of the string .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  split the first two numbers .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  filters out the urls contained in the home dict and map names to the latest keys .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  given   pass
truth:  given   document

test:  helper function to file descriptor to to test exceptions .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  sync   restoring
truth:  sync   data

test:  simple moving average .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  weighted   pulls
truth:  weighted   null

test:  handle a quantity that scholz the _lazylock variation in variation of variation .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  this is deprecated .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  check   propagates
truth:  check   qurl

test:  removes leading whitespace from a string .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  extract   optdict
truth:  extract   lines

test:  decodes a or plain text .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   labeled
truth:  decode   file

test:  converts unicode strings to mbcs .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return the graph of the graph g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   rewrite
truth:  return   radius

test:  updates the course blocks for the enrolled range .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  pass   reported
truth:  pass   function

test:  return a capabilities for the possibly containing a named vm .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  get the thread to enter cpus in the left .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  find the interface interfaces of a given equality_expression .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  create composite image by blending images using composite images .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  create   blend
truth:  create   mask

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  creates a new port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  creates   deserialized
truth:  creates   bridge

test:  sets the language according to the request .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  process   stretch
truth:  process   language

test:  generates unique id of an meas id .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   talking
truth:  generate   dict

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  remove invalid characters and values from a string .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   block
truth:  remove   chars

test:  set and retrieve a getter attribute .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  returns a reference string of the first element in the header] .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   decimals
truth:  validate   storage

test:  remove invalid xml file content and modified xml instances .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  attempts   pulls
truth:  attempts   null

test:  generate and return a secret key and storage instance .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return true if the field queues is empty .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  try to parse progress html .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  pull   uploading
truth:  pull   job

test:  declaration_specifiers : storage_class_specifier semi semi .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  close serial port .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   receives
truth:  close   port

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  returns utf-8 representation of the supplied 8-bit string representation .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  decode   flip
truth:  decode   python

test:  get information about a server cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get all instance mapping for an instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  create a new instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  return the timestamp of a date .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  template   hits
truth:  template   filter

test:  handle a sigterm .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  puts   vms
truth:  puts   thread

test:  send a hup to service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reverses
truth:  pulls   services

test:  returns true if the extension is installed .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  only load if zc .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  provides   mocked
truth:  provides   runner

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   clustered
truth:  solves   equations

test:  set or change the values of states .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  a decorator to check the decorated function if a variable of a particular module has the same attributes .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  wraps   float
truth:  wraps   decorator

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  remove element from child nodes .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   eliminates
truth:  remove   elements

test:  returns the special modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   init
truth:  returns   modules

test:  render a resource .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  checking checking whether repository has a repository or not .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  tokenid : id | qliteral | code | prec .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  invert all pixel bits as a range .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  reduce   prepopulates
truth:  reduce   bits

test:  temporarily set a file as xml to a stream object .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  if the user has access to the author a patches .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  this function makes sure a view is being after it is being executed or a timeout .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if the given version isnt greater than the system .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  get a sphinx extension of sphinx external application .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  wrapped   stays
truth:  wrapped   sphinx

test:  check a list of power types and power types .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  add a new cli manager to the externally categories .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  pulls   decrease
truth:  pulls   action

test:  adding the given value to a scalar or a unix scalar .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  check that npm .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test mne analyze while passing in mne .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   localize
truth:  find   reference

test:  returns a list of all network interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  gives   switch
truth:  gives   list

test:  decorator that implement a client .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  execute   pts
truth:  execute   rpc

test:  creates and returns the course settings for the specified user .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  generate   aliased
truth:  generate   json

test:  given a patch_log .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  return   dissassociates
truth:  return   levels

test:  create two paths at a given color and returns the color with the same color values .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  return true if matrix can be compose compose 0 or 1 .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   divides
truth:  return   matrices

test:  connect to aws route 53 53 53 53 aws downstream machine .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   listens
truth:  connect   amazon

test:  return the shape of y by y when one or both of a both of y and y and y is a lineartransform instance parameters x : writeme y :
truth: compute dot . 
test:  compute   boot
truth:  compute   dot

test:  generates links .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  redirect   bring
truth:  redirect   page

test:  return a json representation of the library info based on the postprocess prefix .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   sanitize
truth:  return   libraries

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  check if the application at the given covariance matrix x and return a numpy array with the same dimension score; the quantiles of the function .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  decorator to ensure that the running against the imported flag is properly useful .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  stub function for retrieving a method to the current session .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a template and return a qpointf object .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   deconvolves
truth:  parse   level

test:  convert a timestamp to a datetime .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  lists all security groups .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   temperature
truth:  converts   date

test:  is it a python package a package .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   define
truth:  is   path

test:  test c .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   blacklisted
truth:  test   attachments

test:  clear the search index for the given search .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the snmp value from the given request and returns the appropriate meta object .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  returns the key that is a string .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  sort   reported
truth:  sort   function

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  returns only list-like line number of characters .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  generate a random string of random characters .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  confirm the attributes of the test popups .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  pass   defines
truth:  pass   attributes

test:  send an instance to the deadlock .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  downsample ipv4-address .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  pulls   splitting
truth:  pulls   surface

test:  test when all inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends with gpu .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   figure
truth:  test   inputs

test:  returns true if object is a collection .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  for testing .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  setup gpmdp .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  test function to separate data back in a temporary coordinate .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the contract parameter for a contract .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  contract   pulls
truth:  contract   null

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  find out what items are documented in source/* .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  accepts indices of epochs models from epochs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  equalize   sparks
truth:  equalize   number

test:  translate a file to an object path .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  get the precedence state for a selection .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  scan the parent directory and find a uploads path for a given path .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing object to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  only load if pyrax libraries exist .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  turn csrf token into session .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  put possible websites .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  intersect as they relate to support baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  check for the course mode against the course mode .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  split the string into a list of files .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the philips bridge bridge sensor .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  decorator to make sure the function is callback and signals on a test .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  returns a string representation of the given data .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  decorate   pulls
truth:  decorate   null

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  remove a single config file .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   printed
truth:  remove   pattern

test:  returns integer or division according to the rules of the string .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  generate   reconstructs
truth:  generate   ndarray

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  sets the base image properties .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  sets   backup
truth:  sets   properties

test:  using the renderer renderer_name .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   challenges
truth:  using   renderer

test:  returns true if all values of a sequence are true .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  checks the current site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  only load the module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  only converts a sysctl command line with a given number of sysctl .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  expects   authorizes
truth:  expects   command

test:  deletes the given clsid .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  set evacuate data if not already present in facts dict args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the generated evacuate facts if they were not
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for all pricing cache .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   flashes
truth:  replace   characters

test:  transfer the closest remaining paths to the closest distance from the |reclass| .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   define
truth:  transfer   path

test:  translate a class to a remote class .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   render
truth:  pulls   issubclass

test:  returns all issues in a set of issues .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extract   augments
truth:  extract   issues

test:  export the given yaml exploration to a list of states to make an exploration exploration .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  tests update plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  if input points to ) or > templates .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   batch
truth:  run   code

test:  send and receive peer packet using a bluetooth socket .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  clears the screen .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  is   import
truth:  is   summary

test:  evaluate a dataset .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   debugging
truth:  evaluate   dataset

test:  compute the in-degree sets of nodes in x .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  independent independent host string .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  translate   corrupts
truth:  translate   terms

test:  ensure a profile is present .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  get last osf statistics .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  run running tests with msvs and test only .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  when creating a sampled mapping multiple dictionaries .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  given   svn
truth:  given   dicts

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  check if the node is a decorator decorator .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  download a s3 object to the next page .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  extract the filename with its canonical .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a utc tz-naive data to a tuple of datetime .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  replaces python 2 .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  pulls   poll
truth:  pulls   versions

test:  like expr but return none if path is none .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  manipulate   sums
truth:  manipulate   expression

test:  like numpy .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  return the network api functions .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  test must be run .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  wrap a method so that it performs a singleton .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  delete an existing child volume .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   eliminating
truth:  delete   cache

test:  authenticate and recreate access to the http request .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  authenticate   guvectorize
truth:  authenticate   oauth

test:  move current time to the current timer .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  saves   skipped
truth:  saves   use

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  construct   come
truth:  construct   yaml

test:  inverse of the jones reparameterization function .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure secret and motion inputs are raised .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  pulls   sends
truth:  pulls   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  used to recursively get a template .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  render   labeled
truth:  render   file

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  compares a value of a configuration key .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  determine the path to a additional .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  create a new message cipher .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   present
truth:  linking   role

test:  decorator to simplify and return the resulting object .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  read in cfg from the given environment and return a list of raw tuples .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  given a linear programming row and a linear programming t .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  normalizes text so that it can be embedded to a single string .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  detects search file in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   handle
truth:  detects   features

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  returns the supplied user formatted for the given vim and all parts on the node .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  asks   allocate
truth:  asks   user

test:  generate rsa keys of a boolean bits .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   review
truth:  generates   keys

test:  returns current worker to be used for all tasks .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  executing   mount
truth:  executing   task

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  stream n times .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  call this service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  display the skeinlayer dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  does this action have been replaced with a given action .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  pulls   fit
truth:  pulls   choices

test:  count a branch length for a trees length .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  count   pulls
truth:  count   null

test:  determine if the object is an instance of a built-in distribution .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  simulates   inplace
truth:  simulates   ovs

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  test the built-in exception doesnt even when an exception is invalid .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   storing
truth:  delete   template

test:  determine whether the given index was a tuple from a list of levels .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   utf-8
truth:  determine   argument

test:  queries the coupon this will try to change the coupon status to the user .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  remove leading whitespace from each string .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  test the package that the supplied package can be run .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  no changes to 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   forwards
truth:  changes   image

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  returns the person and data for a given user .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  formats an lea as a sequence of 1d sizes .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   sanitize
truth:  format   libraries

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a datetime object from the rest interface .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert a pandas-intelligible .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  string   blocks
truth:  string   representation

test:  shows the version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  reset the specified model to the given model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   tile
truth:  reset   information

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  get the version of the request .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  validate enrollment requirements .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  validate   purge
truth:  validate   requirements

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate an md5 hash of a file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  generate   orthoganlize
truth:  generate   hash

test:  extract the sum of a column number .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  pulls   address
truth:  pulls   sqlalchemy

test:  return a trailing path of the type(x) .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  move   enhanced
truth:  move   object

test:  copy a file or directory .
truth: move a file . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  convert rst to string following formatted variables .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  get the fans type string from the passed object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  scalar version of qsturng .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  get the raw tool xml as a dict .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  load   blocks
truth:  load   representation

test:  checks for required header header text header .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  yaml: file a file or parameter file .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  output of pregnancy and output .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  plots   organize
truth:  plots   histogram

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  dump   reported
truth:  dump   function

test:  find a user by name and return it .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  return a map of the elements of a matrix .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  add   authenticated
truth:  add   everything

test:  display the widen dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  find the ith number for a string .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  register attempts to sentry .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random data .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  load all plugins .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  attempts   interpolated
truth:  attempts   plugins

test:  load current logger .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  this function tries to find all the objects for the empty document class object .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  recursive   located
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a generator .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  check if the given compatibility is not installed .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  runs   retrive
truth:  runs   checks

test:  check a fits configuration file .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  run code that silences sys .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return an instance of a *safe* method .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  list vmdk size for an image and return the remote properties .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  the unsafe version has no letters in the minion .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  undoes   pulls
truth:  undoes   null

test:  transform matrix to a 2-d matrix .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  create a file client and add it to the context .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  scan a video from a series of final element .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   updating
truth:  scan   archive

test:  back a random integer in random format .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   deduces
truth:  insert   circuit

test:  get all elasticache deployment deployment for a given apiid and deploymentid cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   keep
truth:  get   deployment

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the units "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   utf-8
truth:  check   argument

test:  return true if ~/env can be read .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  start the skeiniso dialog .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  display   plucks
truth:  display   window

test:  read from a file on a specified object .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  extracts the input data from the image .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  prefixes admin push notifications on author .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  convert   backup
truth:  convert   properties

test:  clears the animation mortem debugging excepthook .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  remove   escaped
truth:  remove   post

test:  quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a filesystem artifact .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  the most active square matrix .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  return   clamp
truth:  return   area

test:  list all stacks directories .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  checks whether test data uris are required by a test suite .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  remove   specifies
truth:  remove   methods

test:  a synonym for :func:joinedload() .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator to create a temporary command .
truth: run setup . 
test:  run   demonstrates
truth:  run   setup

test:  return a dict-like instance containing the supplied json representation of data .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  get the maximum vector3 by plain .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   unserialize
truth:  get   integration

test:  parse a single profile .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  return true if a sequence is length of length .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  returns   brings
truth:  returns   checksum

test:  returns utf-8 encoding for length .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return the median of the values in the list .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  calculate   renders
truth:  calculate   series

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  returns a unittest test suite from a list of tests .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   browse
truth:  returns   testsuite

test:  text[::optional_note] function aws start-up until a function has a cheatsheet or function exits .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  format string for printing to natural .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  return metric for any metric .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  compute the average clustering clustering coefficient .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  the text before and after preprocessing the top param is emitted .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  introduce   sign
truth:  introduce   pair

test:  submit salts challenge to be similar to three recaptcha from the response .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  remove a github member from a team with team_name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  removes   archive
truth:  removes   member

test:  disassociate all defined fixed ips from host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  test that the redshift models are not just models .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file given its path .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  deserialize any yaml or stream like object into a python data structure .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  ensures that the path is a valid foreign slash path .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  make   define
truth:  make   path

test:  program : simple_stmt | newline | file_input order .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  close the current file so that the next iteration will not read the first line from the file ; lines not count returns: bool: true if the file will not
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  a replacement for the django settings .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  displays   unrooted
truth:  displays   differences

test:  transform an open mesh to assigned to an iterable of expressions and domain .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  stream check against the retention of a retention period .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  decrease   standardises
truth:  decrease   period

test:  split the list of paths by a single string by removing single entry references and add them to the same number .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  parses an http request into the format .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  parse   requesting
truth:  parse   i

test:  queries all the second users from a model .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  builds a dummy dataset-- dataset-- a properly dataset-- a dummy dataset-- model and subsets of it on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  load otu from a file containing only one file gz: - value: restores the last otu map file to the specified input to a list of otus this function is
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  filter   marks
truth:  filter   otus

test:  create a test case for testing .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  upload a file from the given url to the same publish as the file under the api .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  filters out which match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  extracts and returns a dict from the given node .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pulls
truth:  pooling   null

test:  returns the directory of the given module .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  pulls   provide
truth:  pulls   provider

test:  test whether filename matches pat .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterates   ip
truth:  iterates   paths

test:  order the top level terms of a polynomial .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  reads appstats data from the rest of a given file .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python environment variable that only uses python code .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  remove a specific request from the xml-file service .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  test template_complex validator .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  assert   safe_octal
truth:  assert   class

test:  read the value of a single thread id .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   resolved
truth:  read   threads

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  entry point to execute the script from the script api .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns github api url for a given page .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  decorator to make sure a recursive function will recursive if a recursive function is called via recursive .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the running one context of the given status context .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a hash from a valid database type .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  uptime a dictionary converts an ipv6 address to a dictionary .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if paths .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  check   subscribed
truth:  check   configure

test:  remove section/keyword from 1 .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  removes   convert
truth:  removes   sequences

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  pulls   go
truth:  pulls   channels

test:  dump the specified configuration file cli examples: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  dump   freezing
truth:  dump   configuration

test:  returns a prime number that can be stored in nbits bits .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  write stream to a statements in chunks .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  write   takes
truth:  write   stream

test:  returns true if the request is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   customized
truth:  check   salt

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  marks a view function as exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  export method to a png file format .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   grabs
truth:  export   png

test:  add a new instance of arithmetic & confirm that has required_backend constructions .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   compiles
truth:  adds   suite

test:  numpy version of orange .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   unsubscribe
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  uppercase the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any upper case letters .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  pulls   flashes
truth:  pulls   characters

test:  converts a symbol into a sysv byte string .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  test for dictionaries .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  verify   s
truth:  verify   sets

test:  convert long integer to binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  check reports to be joined now .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this function runs the script .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  build   created
truth:  build   mode

test:  test to ensure the included header based on the provided auth user works .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   decorates
truth:  test   web

test:  copy a host string to a nopython nopython host .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  run a python shell command .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  create and create a new volumes .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  test that you cant add a store_fs file extension .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  try   unleash
truth:  try   store

test:  turn a list of allocations for a resource provider and allocations .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  convert the given image to a given image .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  update   indicating
truth:  update   images

test:  extract messages from a file .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  sets attribute_maps from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the source as network controller .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  pulls   nose
truth:  pulls   prefix

test:  delete model object .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  open a file like binary file with a given mode .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  generate user objects according to pep identity dictionary of versions .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  make   mignotte
truth:  make   things

test:  returns true if point is valid on the curve curve .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  is   listen
truth:  is   key

test:  given the shape of the user supplied as a dictionary with the shape of the shapes shapes .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  preprocess   overriding
truth:  preprocess   dimension

test:  returns a edge indicating the structure of l1 .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  test   dwindle
truth:  test   neighbor

test:  creates a list of describe_cluster() .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  measure   confirmed
truth:  measure   length

test:  download the command from the local machine and return its filename url if its a local url .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  build   small_stmts
truth:  build   line

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  like iter_fiels but returns a tuple .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  requeue mail to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper function to remove an indel with a log record .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   usage
truth:  remove   rows

test:  return the valid config file path .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  return the path to .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  launch   draft
truth:  launch   prompt

test:  create a fake cluster versioned cluster .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  decorator to wrap a view to requests for the specified revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  return the data for a given package .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  collects a set of transformer field field of name and transformer for the field of a boolean field of the block .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   flattening
truth:  collects   field

test:  test installing a nonexistent extra links .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  view used to select a resource from the system .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  get a user model object from the django database .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  build node kubelet_args in the node-config .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   rounding
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points with random header value .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  handler for adding a refund for a given user .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  signal   selecting
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is subclass of enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  get all applications .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  forces   blurred
truth:  forces   applications

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  a function to dump attributes .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  returns true if g consists of an iterable of edge cover .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  adds the plugin translations .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  error checking for routines that return explicitly ptr .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  computes the 1-norm of elements in the given pattern .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  load all module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  returns true if the argument is iterable .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  retrieve the raw bitcoin hash support for the provided bogus distribution .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  create a data containing a separate color .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  print a commit and (1 .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  show   disappear
truth:  show   commit

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check if the specified package id is installed in __salt__ .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  call post-configuration of a postgres server .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  returns the autocorrelations rank of the items in order .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  rank   connect
truth:  rank   entities

test:  remove a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   rebuild
truth:  remove   license

test:  compute the indefinite sum for a given multipart as an indefinite value .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  execute a command .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  returns polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   superimposes
truth:  returns   quotient

test:  clean the directory .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  attempt to figure out the current thread .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get path to standard mne-python home directory .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  return the getmodule object in a module .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  make a cidx file with one argument and open file object .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  make   labeled
truth:  make   file

test:  tests that the monit for heliocentric javascript file .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  error   capturing
truth:  error   error

test:  extracts sample elements from population by magic then notify the replacement string .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  creates the sitemap for the sqs model .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of changes from the given rsync changes .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  get   loads
truth:  get   changes

test:  the smallest number in milliseconds since the epoch as integer .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  convert help and problems into a help manner .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  identify   switch
truth:  identify   list

test:  convert an open interval to a mobius transform .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   labels
truth:  convert   transform

test:  decorator to mark a function as a new-style coverage coverage coverage .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  mark   casting
truth:  mark   coverage

test:  recursively ensure that all path to a file .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  handle   rearranges
truth:  handle   import

test:  permanently delete an existing lb .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   fake
truth:  delete   load

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  set attributes that can be visited requests .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  compute theano potential gradient with hamiltonian .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the base url of a user .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  get   turning
truth:  get   posts

test:  set the new torrents of the matrix of the elements of the device to the matrix .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   strips
truth:  extract   changelog

test:  return the location of the given module as a full path to the given module .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  used   resample
truth:  used   directories

test:  return power tuple x <= t^ 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   contributed
truth:  return   t

test:  return the grade .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  print   organize
truth:  print   histogram

test:  function to determine if mode is from a preferenceupdateerror or fifo .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   introduce
truth:  returns   l

test:  return info about an specified vms cli example: .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  context manager that silences stdout and restore a block output to avoid output while that stderr are compiled .
truth: override sys . 
test:  override   inputhook
truth:  override   sys

test:  try to get the root root namespace namespace .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  return a fixed frequency datetime index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   matching
truth:  return   timedelta

test:  find the 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  compare two strings and returns a divided by a dictionary .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  creates the diff dictionary .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   specifies
truth:  stubs   methods

test:  replace the matched xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   autoencoder
truth:  replace   xml

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  makes   crop
truth:  makes   directory

test:  returns the username of a process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  apply all denominators fields within input forward .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  replace   homebrew_packages
truth:  replace   structure

test:  get the architecture architecture on the machine system .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  returns   searching
truth:  returns   architecture

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  clear all of the available cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  opens and reads a file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns true if the super type is super .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  custom worker worker for sphinx worker .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  pulls   deallocate
truth:  pulls   worker

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  returns a redis .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  find a unique file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  test to make sure the flat error was flat .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  given a database name and a non-existing column exists .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  alter   mutate
truth:  alter   column

test:  run system under profiler .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  a factory function to be used when a connection is called .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  default   enumerates
truth:  default   protocol

test:  returns the plugin offset .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  generate discovery docs and client libraries to files .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   wheather
truth:  generate   library

test:  write to the previous configuration file and run to .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   build
truth:  check   conf

test:  get vector3 by dictionary .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   failing
truth:  decorate   style

test:  creates a new version with the previous version .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   poll
truth:  return   versions

test:  returns a base64 encoded string .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  only load module if apache binary is present .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  return the filename without the extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  only work on solaris based systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  ensure unsupported page break types can be used .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  grab the list of stored keys with the given keys .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  returns the tool_shed_repository line number of the device .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  gets   stored
truth:  gets   #

test:  returns true if given field matches the same field in a given sequence .
truth: given a field . 
test:  given   flattening
truth:  given   field

test:  yields the tag for a given tag .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  creates   offset
truth:  creates   parameters

test:  convert from short .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  short   identified
truth:  short   rgb

test:  get the current session .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  reads an image from the specified file .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  register an instance of a new role .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  given a key .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns a string representation of the characters as a string .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  function   distribute
truth:  function   proxy

test:  read names from the file .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  pick authentication plugin .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   identifies
truth:  pick   plugin

test:  return an entry from a dictionary .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  build   safe_octal
truth:  build   class

test:  get command line notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  get   supplied
truth:  get   api

test:  test cloning and see if the table of a data types .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  make   categorize
truth:  make   read

test:  return a locale from a given locale .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  convert a timeseries to float or float .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  given a path to the config file .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  configure   paging
truth:  configure   interface

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  download setuptools from a specified package and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the correct sys
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  download   unsqueezing
truth:  download   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   safe_octal
truth:  function   class

test:  takes a dict of strings or a function that can be passed via it up to the data .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  test that we can do not change the regexp pattern .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  tests   sums
truth:  tests   expression

test:  serialize the given value to a string .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  serializes   format
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  returns the radial results .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  limit   prioritized
truth:  limit   messages

test:  parse an error message and return a dict .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  add a user to a list .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  will ndependents = { graph that will sums the other number of dependencies for other unmouting views .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  generator to iterate over source lines .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  create a class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  add   safe_octal
truth:  add   class

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  copy units into a list of items or items .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  raw raw in: .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  interpret   fitnesse
truth:  interpret   events

test:  check to make sure the default horizontal works as expected .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send a helpful message to a file .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  save denominators to p .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator which specifies that require roles with respect to security group .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  returns all descendants of a graph g in the graph .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  print the results of all the rows found in the summary line .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  prints   rows

test:  prints a {'jsonrpc' and log its errors .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  build a service to the google cloud natural language api .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  recursively sort data structures .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  example: when i run "behave .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   evpn
truth:  removes   schema

test:  this function takes a string or a object_list of the words in the string and fetch it but not documented in the same format as the user but cant be
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  creates   gzip
truth:  creates   markup

test:  scan a smtpd log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  given vpc and a route id or name .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  get eol characters from text .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  get   flashes
truth:  get   characters

test:  register models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   backup
truth:  register   properties

test:  borrowed from process .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  check for existence of key values .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  md5 hash of a md5 hash .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  wrapper for conditional_websafe so that it uses :func:exception_from_error_queue to have an int .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  this function provides the context for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  cast a variable to a cast dtype and correspond to numpy type .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  parse an authentication string from a datetime object .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  attempts   shared
truth:  attempts   string

test:  coerces -> integer convert a 16-bit integer from network to host byte order .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  deletes a specific problem .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  check a logger for a file has been uploaded on the repositories logger .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  see   code
truth:  see   logger

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  set the password for a named user .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  bootstrap the marathon service to bootstrap .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a user from the provided document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  get the arguments for a function .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  returns a list of the names of all models for the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create an image from a list of feature config .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  prepare   enhanced
truth:  prepare   object

test:  click click .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  handle   submits
truth:  handle   navigation

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  strips comments from the docstring at the end of indentation .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  return   dataframe
truth:  return   comments

test:  strips the indentation of indentation .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  convert degrees in radiants to integer .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  return   speed
truth:  return   minutes

test:  validates that the value given in the db header and a function to verify that the supplied validator .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   protects
truth:  validate   args

test:  water sources: restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  returns data from the json encoded dictionary passed to the data in the mathbb as json .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  compares given text and return true if builtin contains exists .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  delete asset of a asset .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  del   notes
truth:  del   asset

test:  print a list of all groups and their groups .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   paste
truth:  return   containers

test:  publish a page if user has the contents of the page .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  publish   bring
truth:  publish   page

test:  get bracket mesh .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  setup the demo away transport platform .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   represents
truth:  setup   radio

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   download
truth:  convert   coordinate

test:  normalizes a line of text endings to a list of links .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  find missing children of node that satisfy the given primary key .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   banned
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   attribute
truth:  insert   statements

test:  recursively write a path to all the files in the given zip directory .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  makes a map of encoding from an iterable .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  creates   quotes
truth:  creates   map

test:  make a sequential palette from a deep systems .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns list of names of all modules required to remove the necessary modules from other tree .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a list of mappings that belong to a particular state .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  ts function for erfc .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  get the attribute of an object .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  make a figure and plot it to the same figure .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  draw   close
truth:  draw   graphs

test:  get all the exercise values .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  copy a source files .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   obfuscate
truth:  copy   tokens

test:  returns a crop such that the image can be used to store .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  update timeline can provide the given doc .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  unregister a class alias .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  parse a file of a chunk of results .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a list with ids of all collections that the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  find all files under revision control by plugins .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  return   interpolated
truth:  return   plugins

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   labeled
truth:  append   file

test:  solves dn and tr6 into separate form .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  function   export
truth:  function   tuple

test:  returns a list of lists of ip addresses .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  test if arg is an integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  multivariate normal correction on dask .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  generate   subprojects
truth:  generate   multivariate

test:  start service via monit cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  retrieve all usage associated with a given resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  decorator factory for generic object .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  takes a google request and send an oauth request to the google api .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  format a file or block device using a user termination directory .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  make   forgets
truth:  make   filesystem

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  compute polar spline from one ftp-instance .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a list of port for the specified device .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  returns   prefix
truth:  returns   deferred

test:  variation of all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  install a three installer on a distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  polynomial lazily .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of truncatechars .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   pocsuite
truth:  return   n

test:  cancels all stored emails from the provided queue .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  clear   lettuce
truth:  clear   emails

test:  remove a such that it exists in the system .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return true if the unicode string is a html string .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  detect   labeled
truth:  detect   file

test:  like json .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  display information about the requested repositories from the repository .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   integrityerror
truth:  list   repositories

test:  returns true if user is masquerading as masquerading for the specific student in studio .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  a simple flask response .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  pulls   barcodes
truth:  pulls   http

test:  validate that the value from an http 'x- header .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  loop until a function invoked with one of the same second due to max_per_second it .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  perform deseq2 negative video test on a aruba otu category .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  extracts a container from the given container .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  convert   satisfy
truth:  convert   container

test:  run an interactive shell on a given hadoop .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  compute the p-th power of a binary identity matrix .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  convert   file
truth:  convert   rotation

test:  get information about a version from the postgres server .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  parses an addon free addon .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  this function is called with a system path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  create   consisting
truth:  create   link

test:  given an exception .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  fill the inset file or gcode text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  limit   labeled
truth:  limit   file

test:  concatenate the everything of a dictionary .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  construct the page to a given page .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  build   been
truth:  build   format

test:  run the named service .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  join path tokens together similar to osp .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   pulls
truth:  join   null

test:  add nova function to the beginning of a function .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  patch   enabled
truth:  patch   nova

test:  return the checksum of the thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   brings
truth:  return   checksum

test:  install pexpect .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  force a scheduled command .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  mark   uploading
truth:  mark   job

test:  get the nma notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  check if a file with given user/group .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  setup the connection .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  takes a string and returns expected text as a dictionary .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   optdict
truth:  parse   lines

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  destroy a machine by name .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   stores
truth:  destroy   name

test:  returns list of valid intersection of unique intersection runtime .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  decorator for sub fields in order to empty methods that are added; from the container .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the currently active locale .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  set a new tag to and set its tag .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  adapt the format spec for a type .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  helper function to allow querying ccx fields to connect to a ccx of ccx .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  test isolation forest for binary class with random data .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   import
truth:  test   summary

test:  apphook a case while calling a checker .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  regular expression .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  setting all sequences in order to a particular format .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  drop   pulls
truth:  drop   null

test:  a blank literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the given rule is a precomputed query .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  context manager temporarily no block .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  activate   interpolates
truth:  activate   lang

test:  show an error message .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  format the list of image format based on the current output .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  gets   been
truth:  gets   format

test:  returns a dictionary of flags of a namedtuple .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple containing the content input and the message input .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  parse a string into its component parts .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  in case filepath is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  pulls   tokenizing
truth:  pulls   filepath

test:  the target that returns the current target in the module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  get   coupling
truth:  get   target

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  generates and similar to the system .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  drop   weblate
truth:  drop   references

test:  move items matching query from lib into one using query .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  moves   enhance
truth:  moves   items

test:  helper function that checks whether a list of patterns are matching the specified patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  get all subj of a certificate given a certificate .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  given   producing
truth:  given   certificate

test:  repr() all assets certificate asset .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  depreciate   proxying
truth:  depreciate   assets

test:  factory function for making sure that the appropriate lock is required .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns the version of the specified executable .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  only work on macos .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  given the intersection of all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  returns true if the supplied parameters for a single resource .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  ensure testing mode is enabled in testing mode .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  ensure   created
truth:  ensure   mode

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  parse nms filename into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  return a gitconfig function based on a single python dict .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  removes   disconnecting
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  catches a file path and returns the key of the s3 .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  create a wtforms query from a webob instance .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  takes   xlsx
truth:  takes   query

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find all the top-level functions of a sequence .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  walk   examine
truth:  walk   brick

test:  list all volumes in the currently being created .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  try to locate a jwplayer computer cli example: .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  packs a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  print the tm .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   made
truth:  print   authors

test:  return a call to a postgres sample sample sample .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  calls   specifies
truth:  calls   methods

test:  checks if a process is running .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  check   prettify
truth:  check   process

test:  retry a function after it is called .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  try   flask
truth:  try   times

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in reverse order .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   constrained
truth:  run   functions

test:  setup the dtvs devices .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  returns the pairwise pairwise distances between x and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  disable signal handler .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  blocks   terminate
truth:  blocks   password

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  return a list from a pattern to a list .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  simple function to return if host is smartos or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path from the package and return the path to a directory that is one .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get a usable policy for the request index .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  given an element .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  return a dict of a single pageviewrestriction by the combination of a single .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  a simple test to test the settext label .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  run the metric on the local node .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   clones
truth:  read   server

test:  like shade but returns a string .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  remove   hides
truth:  remove   pointer

test:  determine if task has customized task .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  initializes the attribute name .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get iscsi mode from iscsi .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   implement
truth:  get   sessions

test:  return an args for all of the arguments in the list command line arguments .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  multiply two inputs together so that the inputs of theano nesting is 1 .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  djangos   pulls
truth:  djangos   null

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args and load a given locationglobal .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   store
truth:  estimate   memory

test:  encrypt collection data using key .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  orderedproduct view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  ordered   usage_key_string
truth:  ordered   view

test:  returns true if this issue is available for the given issue .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  attempt   thinks
truth:  attempt   issue

test:  helper function to look up the grains and look up the grains .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  helper for defining a list of expressions .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  pulls   pending
truth:  pulls   default

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  decrypt   supports
truth:  decrypt   text

test:  helper to restrict keys to values .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  manage the setting of a value .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  get the grains from the proxied device .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  function   undo
truth:  function   grains

test:  generate unique stats from host and yield output .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   evpn
truth:  format   schema

test:  compute a weighted density of a given digital and a given plot .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  calculate   ban
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  give a list of page where the user can add rights or the string "all" if the user has add rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  returns a string identifying the state used to represent a hexadecimal config type .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  vae allows samples based on certain types .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allows   declared
truth:  allows   samples

test:  multi-class prediction crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  cross   feed
truth:  cross   entropy

test:  import a single module from a filesystem location .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  pulls   rearranges
truth:  pulls   import

test:  build a template error from a css template .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  build   storing
truth:  build   template

test:  copy all files .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  tests the creation of a environment variables .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  detach an purity .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   initializes
truth:  detach   program

test:  push joined generated from the given sender .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  remove unused images in the specified image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  remove   squeezing
truth:  remove   uuid

test:  execute one or more grains cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   undo
truth:  return   grains

test:  check all @override methods use a class decorator to find the methods in docstrings .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  pulls   call
truth:  pulls   docstrings

test:  this method takes an registry and returns the processed keys in the registry .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  enumerates   pulls
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  return the reference to the appropriate object .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  given a string and filesdigest .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  format a task ref .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   mount
truth:  format   task

test:  delete all the text from the current line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  kill   incorporate
truth:  kill   cursor

test:  decorator for getting a function or method for a method .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  attaches   located
truth:  attaches   method

test:  set the limit for the given rss .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  limit   store
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a project .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check if the given text was set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  the end of the node in a successful manner .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses preprocesses images .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   forwards
truth:  preprocesses   image

test:  yaml: html this plugin allows you configure jenkins archives from the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:robot framework plugin <hipchat+plugin> .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  pulls   cool
truth:  pulls   publisher

test:  get gear path output .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  test dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  compute content of a text file .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  compute   randomise
truth:  compute   message

test:  clears the screen .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  hack   parsefile
truth:  hack   descriptor

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   derive
truth:  initialize   templates

test:  add an existing system to the function or group .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  adds   assures
truth:  adds   none

test:  return a javascript string corresponding to the current page .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  js   pulls
truth:  js   null

test:  hack a databases to be encapsulated against the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  write a 64-bit integer to a long integer this is a copy of a string .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  log a message on a jenkins message .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  return a list of filepaths names from the user that do not exist .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  list options with the regexp stored in the session .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  suggest agent to convert a query of python objects to a set of packages .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  get a list of the locale to prevent .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  get the separate loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parses the contents of file2 .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  handle   initializes
truth:  handle   program

test:  verify new-style class passed to new-style inheritance stores .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the data from the interface execution .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  load an image from the distance matrix .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  checks   captures
truth:  checks   w

test:  make a list of datasets datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  make   signal
truth:  make   datasets

test:  runs a command to subprocess .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  if expression is an expression .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  checks   craft
truth:  checks   expr

test:  parses a configuration object as a dictionary .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  requests specific privacy list listname .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  deletes   switch
truth:  deletes   list

test:  list of active subnets .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  checks   undoes
truth:  checks   routes

test:  integer is not a llvm dict .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  use traceback to log dump the log file .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   shed
truth:  log   exception

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  return a tag from an sanitized .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given group .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  returns a list of path to the equivalent of the files in the given directory .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  checks if certificate is a certificate .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  determines   producing
truth:  determines   certificate

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  retrieve course status and return the status for a course .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  appropriate valid positions in python note: the first group of array is connected to the strings .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  convert a payload to unicode string .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  test that sampclient can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all vms on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create an existing bucket .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  trying   enters
truth:  trying   bucket

test:  update the download totals .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   revoke
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a string into a string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   listen
truth:  derive   key

test:  shares photos from a users personal library with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  pulls   warn
truth:  pulls   photos

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  execute a valid query string as a dict .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  remove keychain_items or password and mirc from the given locale or just the environ dictionary of hosts or list of hosts and returns none on host or continue .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  returns   prefilled
truth:  returns   hosts

test:  get load objects for given doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  decorator to pickle and pickle file from argument .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   directed
truth:  get   delay

test:  return the argument name for a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  find   instantiate
truth:  find   arguments

test:  computes multivariate simpson quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   unescapes
truth:  computes   rule

test:  convert a text representation of escape to strip special case .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  yield   obfuscate
truth:  yield   tokens

test:  yields all frames from socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  returns   goes
truth:  returns   frames

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  kill a process with the given pid using the process .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  identify   explode
truth:  identify   processes

test:  get the ssh key and action action can be set .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get the stroke radius .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  inserts a new record for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   clip
truth:  inserts   record

test:  get an edxnotes client for use with the requests api .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  test that macro expansion can produce integers .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   parameterize
truth:  make   integers

test:  convert a value to a string for matching json object .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test the overriding cross function .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  format datetime object from human readable format .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  a context manager that silences exceptions and removed the exception type and sys .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  save   shed
truth:  save   exception

test:  creates an open file dialog and returns a list of filenames .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   logged
truth:  creates   dialog

test:  subroutine to create a canvas canvas .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  pulls   puts
truth:  pulls   canvas

test:  language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a python object .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  computes standard normal pdf errors and variance sigma2 parameters n : str the name of the polynomial op .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  finds   displayed
truth:  finds   sigma

test:  get the authentication headers from an authentication challenge .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  generate   install
truth:  generate   response

test:  determines whether the specified processors can be used .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set the default service for a certain based on windows .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  ensure a pagerduty resource is present .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  pulls   negate
truth:  pulls   resource

test:  send email rendering text and save it to the email buffers .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  check if the ip is a valid ip this is not equal to the ip address of the ip .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  get all lines of a given ending .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  retrieve   small_stmts
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  installs the sse2 hook and print a new one .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  installs   belong
truth:  installs   hook

test:  for storing files .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  drop models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   lcmv
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get all urls linked to a relase or relase .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  if the environment variable w3af_processes is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  pulls   unquoting
truth:  pulls   environment

test:  stub function that returns a test configuration of parsing and whether it is present .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  returns true if name is ascii .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  given   square
truth:  given   figures

test:  write name and data from file caches to pairs .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  writes   switch
truth:  writes   list

test:  encode a url safe to look up .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  doing   overlap
truth:  doing   encode

test:  decode a bson int64 to python unicode .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   childnodes
truth:  decode   timestamp

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   piercing
truth:  takes   article

test:  check if the given user has the permissions to ckan .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  user format .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  compare two images .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  convert a file or a folder to an absolute path .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  return rate per second from ost .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  retrieve info on a given project and its groups .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  gets   serves
truth:  gets   roles

test:  brute-force spatial spatial 1d error for extensions rather than filenames 1 .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  process the distribution and run the format for saving and saving the location .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   forwards
truth:  process   image

test:  returns url of scheme .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  does not allow you get an mdn url to unserialize common to use for some throttle .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   d

test:  returns non-whitelisted representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   debugging
truth:  returns   dataset

test:  lookup the command .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  lookup   authorizes
truth:  lookup   command

test:  only runs on linux systems with pkg installed .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  provides   constrained
truth:  provides   functions

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  creates a new absolute path for the given view .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  publish the given pages .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  delete an existing group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  execute a ruby command with pyenvs shims using a specific ruby path to the whole command .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  simple function to take the list of all the files and start the files in the given sequence of a single start with the files .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the module to load a module and return its name .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  return a list of roles from permission to .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  returns   serves
truth:  returns   roles

test:  return a list of releases .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   instanticates
truth:  return   releases

test:  return lvm version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  user tries to get summary step without shipping method step in checkout .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   import
truth:  tries   summary

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  call   tell
truth:  call   signature

test:  generates a boundaries image where the first image is fasta_label: .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  creates enumerable fastq to multi fasta format .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  makes   labeled
truth:  makes   file

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  update user from basket in basket .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  update   lits
truth:  update   basket

test:  return list of unique elements .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  normalize an xri to iri-normal form .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  return true if w is the same weight as the strings in the case .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return a string containing the keyword arguments for the current environment .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  document   pulls
truth:  document   null

test:  notify a member event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   rescales
truth:  notify   event

test:  get a list of supported locales for a language containing the language list of translations .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  load   changes
truth:  load   languages

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns a clientlogintoken to the most appropriate html by default .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  selects   uncheck
truth:  selects   element

test:  given a module path .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  import   transliterate
truth:  import   variable

test:  end twisted properties .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  list all coefficients of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  get the odbc options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  the default .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  set cached content to the cached content .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  stores   darken
truth:  stores   piece

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   del
truth:  feed   gcode

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  reindex a series of data while a series of 2d intersection also have a valid warning: .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  correlation   pandas
truth:  correlation   columns

test:  creates a query to filter documents based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   unshares
truth:  compute   density

test:  remove a job from the specified job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   uploading
truth:  remove   job

test:  retrieves the rights for this exploration from this model .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   stands
truth:  retrieves   rights

test:  loads and returns parameters from a file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  loads   exposes
truth:  loads   values

test:  decorator for a function that takes a hash argument and converts it to a r1 debug .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  test if deactivated .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  insert   eliminating
truth:  insert   cache

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the first element of the series since the last hour .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  read unsigned byte arrays into a single byte string .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  creates a new paste contents .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  creates   orphaned
truth:  creates   paste

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  handle a frame object .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  add a list of all handlers to our handlers .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  registers   advised
truth:  registers   commands

test:  splits an actionexecution compatible dict into the actionexecution .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  marks   pinned_array
truth:  marks   execution

test:  returns true if the user has masquerading access to the student for the student in studio .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  return an error response to a tarball .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  creates   shed
truth:  creates   exception

test:  display a review request to a pending account .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  displays   knapsack
truth:  displays   request

test:  encode the given l{str} using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  list all the columns that are not been cloudpipes .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  set the topic topic for the current channel .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   blend
truth:  set   mask

test:  re-map the coverage images and easyinstall .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  checks   indicating
truth:  checks   images

test:  release the number of tracks .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   establishes
truth:  release   streams

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  test help command for existing command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  make an image from the location .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  create   stderr
truth:  create   machine

test:  wait to see drop database output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  wait   flattens
truth:  wait   output

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  restart the state of the service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  try to dbfield out dbfield .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  try   compress
truth:  try   db

test:  password reset form .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  attempts   terminate
truth:  attempts   password

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  tries to converts an iterable of composite recurrence to a time if expression is a sequence of matidx and upper solution of n elements .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  detects   stream
truth:  detects   returns

test:  add pillars on a cage .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  enable the tab completion completion and run a tab on the given command .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  enables   gzipped
truth:  enables   completion

test:  rename all timestamp to a finder .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  returns   unlocking
truth:  returns   source

test:  extracts the cluster size from the cluster into a cluster .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   analyzes
truth:  extract   size

test:  check that a single fit members within a given category .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  check   fileformat
truth:  check   self

test:  net factor of input xmin .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  returns string value for a given safecharencode .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  base : base rbrace | testlist_multi .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  get a hexstring of the string from a pdherr .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  return a checksum digest for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   contrasts
truth:  return   digest

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  update an item if it exists .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   pushing
truth:  updates   model

test:  gzip encoded data decode data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  check that -> dataset or set of exploration exploration the binding of this dataset dataset .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  purge   debugging
truth:  purge   dataset

test:  extracts the possibly code from function from function .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  check to see if a documentation for hashed password are configured .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  return true if the current value was indexing to set .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  was   cause
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  return a list of file references to be used to format the object to format appropriate live refs .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  helper function to get a salt auth .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  redirect   assign
truth:  redirect   requests

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob id .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  apply the tv denoising algorithm on an array of floats and testing .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return list of beautifulsoup tuples .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  given   authorizes
truth:  given   command

test:  like episode_count= .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return inverse of team .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  courses hours controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  accepts a template string as a file representing the rendering context .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  shortcut   storing
truth:  shortcut   template

test:  get the version of the argument string .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  return a data object .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  create an error index based on the appropriate error code .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  creates a command line list of opt and return a list of opt instances .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  generator that yields the ims box for the current thread .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  a decorator which adds a function to be used on a specific field .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  unfiltered my my to index .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  relative luminance of color(s) to luminance and brings a relative return value .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return a resourcereference list from source objects .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  convert a epoch epoch to a epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  statement : integer newline | list newline | new newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  convert a string to a ascii integer via the special case .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert a string argument to a bool like so: .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  same as a is a is a is a is b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  add a path to the api .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  function   compose
truth:  function   usage

test:  read ctc file at bad given node .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  retrieves the current operations .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based in the log space of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  interpolates   exposes
truth:  interpolates   values

test:  compile python namespace .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  compile   allocate
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   dtype
truth:  adds   arg

test:  return the values of the data .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  just have a dlls directory .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  sets   crop
truth:  sets   directory

test:  project users dashboard form view .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   generate
truth:  project   users

test:  emits a setting changed event .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  returns a dynamically to be used for cname address .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  default   centers
truth:  default   labels

test:  make a minimal minimal filter .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  data: ���� .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  attempt to copy of the master to a file descriptor to avoid bad as well as master .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  negates a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  performs   highlight
truth:  performs   row

test:  if set config .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  like   enters
truth:  like   bucket

test:  true if service is missing on the host .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  helper function to retrieve all the key/value pairs in a dictionary format .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  pads   specifies
truth:  pads   methods

test:  scan the log tasks .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  retrieve   decorating
truth:  retrieve   log

test:  return a path to the caffe format given in the symbol .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate active padding based on rfc-2047 .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   visit
truth:  returns   padding

test:  guess the field data type for the most common types .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  tries   flattening
truth:  tries   field

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  convert present to python int .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  presents   allocate
truth:  presents   user

test:  squared-exponential a tensor to evaluation using the sequence of tf-mxne .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  crops   forwards
truth:  crops   image

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  trigger a trigger based on configuration .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  create an ssh tar to a pickeld directory .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepares   denotes
truth:  prepares   tarball

test:  set a service in down .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   preloading
truth:  set   host

test:  get all qos_specs .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  yields   chisquare
truth:  yields   tuples

test:  remove any x .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  read and initialize the global variables .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  load   deflate
truth:  load   config

test:  returns the appropriate payment data for this sum .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  function   landing
truth:  function   sum

test:  return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode strings .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  performs a double image data on each of the network .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  is   sparks
truth:  is   number

test:  returns a random string that produces a pem database .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  convert   importing
truth:  convert   pem

test:  split the minion name into the minion and info if it is loaded cli example: .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  create   crack
truth:  create   _

test:  take a continuous subsequence of f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   persists
truth:  take   subsequence

test:  ensure current line without copying the message .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   expired
truth:  retain   spacing

test:  returns a generator that starts content type string .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  turn   aliased
truth:  turn   json

test:  choose_port() fail on net .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  label an rgb image .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  takes   export
truth:  takes   tuple

test:  splits a string into multiple texts .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  remove the service .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  execute a command in a cross process .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  returns   modifies
truth:  returns   cmd

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   serializing
truth:  determines   setting

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  yields all testsuites .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the communicability communicability for each node of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  load an object from a default response and add it to the default .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return root images of the given image id and colorless .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  from bug 6 .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  issue   wrapping
truth:  issue   handle

test:  show all games in the active interval .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the version number in the latest version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  create initial salt .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  rebuild   eliminating
truth:  rebuild   cache

test:  returns the set of all nodes in the given node .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  get for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   forgot
truth:  get   project

test:  import a curve from the shared p and return it as a byte string .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get xml file or product device .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  load   expected
truth:  load   stack

test:  validate a single structuring element of an initial state parameters sos : blaze of the step response that is a single concatenated function that corresponds to a pair of second-order
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read an contents from likelihood maps an item from the node:6000 maps to depth the even maps args: six : posted detail returns: the device .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  functional test validating issue #1919 .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a city data (and for given read autoescaping dataset .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the user id .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  split sequence into a sequence of arrays .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  run an entry in the cache for the cache registry .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  return the know know elements from the api .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  return the effective debug level .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  is   port
truth:  is   helper

test:  helper function to generate an http connection and port .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of pipeline objects .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  gets   review
truth:  gets   keys

test:  returns all possible and nested pair in a given string .
truth: s: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  delete the specified cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  return a structure listing the locate configuration files cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  converts an xml string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  same as a != b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  validates the tag for a given source .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  maps   building
truth:  maps   tag

test:  create the gzip file from the provided data using the provided data .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost are absent name of the user to run absent .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   holding
truth:  ensure   policy

test:  align an area of the shared spline .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  compute   rescanning
truth:  compute   weights

test:  list all the kb required by a scan .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  this loads the physical unit mapping for a given unit .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  given   throttle
truth:  given   unit

test:  open indices and prints a url .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  return a record for domain of the nameservers for domain if resolve is false .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  get a pair of file object based on the values in block .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  formats multiplying number that are valid .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  converts a string into an strings .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  turn   hop
truth:  turn   newlines

test:  set global variables for linking settings .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  initialize   solve
truth:  initialize   settings

test:  yields all the lines from the given message .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  get   stubbed
truth:  get   headers

test:  validate that the value of confvar is between [0 .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   published
truth:  validate   thrift

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  the datastore key is a valid datastore key .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check if fast .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  returns   res
truth:  returns   success

test:  solves the equation tables .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  check   clustered
truth:  check   equations

test:  check if valid strings starts with an empty object .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  creates   gauss
truth:  creates   strings

test:  provide an excel representation of a binary string .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get the deployment_config_file notification service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  retrieves all consistency groups in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  computes the weighted weighted mean .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  weighted   populates
truth:  weighted   params

test:  get container diffs container container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  port   tile
truth:  port   information

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   echo
truth:  returns   minimum

test:  init_declarator_list : type_qualifier .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a #rrggbb color to hex tuple .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flip the tree with the given node .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  flips   configured
truth:  flips   tree

test:  mean absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  mean   reported
truth:  mean   function

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  converts an email address to a message code .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given a list of mapping strings and a string representing a list of title .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  merge   presents
truth:  merge   mapping

test:  wraps the db database .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  let   allocate
truth:  let   user

test:  create a proxy for an interface .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  datagram any file into a filesystem path .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all non-deleted networks .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   preprocess
truth:  get   networks

test:  find the corresponding > image that started the given expression .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  return a copy of the library .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  return   signs
truth:  return   display

test:  ensure that a resource is set to one of type .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  calculates   brings
truth:  calculates   checksum

test:  test dealing with set of sensor data .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  validate a format string .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  check   simulating
truth:  check   input

test:  returns the reference string from db .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  find the induced nodes of g .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  fast fast stats .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  interpret a string as url .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  parses   trivial
truth:  parses   connection

test:  format a file to the node .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  format   rescales
truth:  format   event

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  test installing current directory ( .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  test   crop
truth:  test   directory

test:  return a list of html r .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  generates   asserts
truth:  generates   diff

test:  return a list of all running services cli example: .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  lists   paste
truth:  lists   containers

test:  populate the language by the enable processor .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  enable   pending
truth:  enable   default

test:  check if a string looks like a string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  decorator to mark a function as public type to extract the type of the public type .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  return the line number of the message .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   rfc
truth:  formats   distance

test:  retrieve ids of field in list .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  find a library in the given path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  task for making a single data or from an object .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set total_projected_qty tab to use during the tables in the console log .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  pulls   escaping
truth:  pulls   doctype

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  set remote remote url .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  set   access
truth:  set   url

test:  redirects to another error page .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  redirect   prioritized
truth:  redirect   messages

test:  return xprotect_reports information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  run the manylinux .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  calculate an array of points to relevant epsilon data this dataset is a wrapper for multiple blkid compared to an exponential of the terms of the apropriate format .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  sample   bench
truth:  sample   value

test:  validate a bucket name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  validates   stores
truth:  validates   name

test:  generates a string representing a keys path .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   plucks
truth:  launch   window

test:  compute polynomial cofactors of f and g in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   compounded
truth:  compute   gcd

test:  this gives the channel for a topic channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  gives   coil
truth:  gives   ability

test:  parse the get_conf() .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add a metadata to the metadata section .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  add   doing
truth:  add   annotations

test:  get the maximum number of sequence for the given collection .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  handles a json so that handles a nice date or a string with a data .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  pulls   limit
truth:  pulls   decode

test:  shrink of a linear unit function x and a vector of x .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  return the cart counter cart .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  approximation to decide which normal types match the x .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  runs   flag
truth:  runs   sanity

test:  flatten a list .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   switch
truth:  flatten   list

test:  yield a stream of bytes or text as a generator of bytes .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  create a new server root .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   offset
truth:  initialize   parameters

test:  setup the netatmo netatmo discovery service .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test fit and sample using a kmeans object .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  finder can accept incorrect links in a standard case .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  get client libraries for the user .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a replacement for the zeromq socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  freeze   define
truth:  freeze   path

test:  returns the top of the exploration rated by the ratings as a list of services .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test for issue #5617 when the si system can be created .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  enable or disable an initialized square .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   clearing
truth:  set   meta

test:  return the input principal .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  pulls   beautifies
truth:  pulls   contrast

test:  load the loads api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   listen
truth:  loads   key

test:  restores an double file .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  are   augments
truth:  are   issues

test:  add tags to a resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   unpause
truth:  add   elasticache

test:  recursively load an types file .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  file   decorated
truth:  file   mime

test:  factory function for making sure that the appropriate lock is required .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  determine if a hash field exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  return the given objects for the given parent object .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  parses a votable_ and its payload .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   drops
truth:  parses   call

test:  get the corresponding info about the image dashboard .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  return the file to use for the compilation specific compiler .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  generates a random string of random characters .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  escape invalid characters whose values are invalid .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  authentication complete process .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  complete   prettify
truth:  complete   process

test:  send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  like _clear_dict but return a bug with shape and shape .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  subtracts   forwards
truth:  subtracts   image

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  handle 500 handler .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  create an organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  knowledge category view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the named vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  remove   hostname
truth:  remove   vm

test:  returns a 3-tuple: .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   clones
truth:  create   server

test:  parses the datastore path and creates a datastore path containing the datastore .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  rindex -> string return a copy of the string s with upper case characters converted to lowercase and string .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  similar to delete row .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  require an xml element .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  xml   carry
truth:  xml   test

test:  return a dictionary containing the following ids .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  keep   mounts
truth:  keep   objects

test:  return an element with highest func score; tie goes to first one .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  creates an absolute reverse for a static resource .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  list all repository of the repository repositories .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  enable   integrityerror
truth:  enable   repositories

test:  redirect get request .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  writes   access
truth:  writes   url

test:  computes a scalar or an array of xs .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   intrepret
truth:  plots   pdf

test:  hac hac robust covariance matrix assumes we have a groupsum of time series with consecutive .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  removes all sql records from the datastore .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  update   responds
truth:  update   database

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  convert string to a null-terminated hash .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  fildlist - 是一个list .
truth: path 目录名 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  register a new user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  register   allocate
truth:  register   user

test:  puts() shouldnt output with unicode entities .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get unified diff of the source code .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx may not be more than one rule .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   unlocking
truth:  tokenize   source

test:  gets node registration was registered from a registered registration .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   complete
truth:  gets   registration

test:  replace expressions of a sequence of arrays with a setup .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  try   put
truth:  try   rules

test:  utility function which is useful for use on group .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  remove   duplicates
truth:  remove   symbol

test:  calculates a main function of x1 .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  hardcoded/dirty hardcoded/dirty format and write each text in the format to a template format .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  generate a tar file containing all of the given package .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  generate   cook
truth:  generate   ball

test:  disable a site .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   handles
truth:  disable   site

test:  get the layer preferences .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  gives a restful crud key based on a list of foreign values .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  resolve   teardown
truth:  resolve   type

test:  make sure all the links attributes in the document with the given document .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   saves
truth:  replace   links

test:  escapes a string for use in a uri .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  serialize   access
truth:  serialize   url

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  returns the environment to display for the executable specific vs .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  test to ensure that the type correctly inputs works as expected .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  utility function to submit a step to a step .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  create a new bookmark with the given parent url .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  this method serves the file from the fsdev file by adding fsdev .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  called   labeled
truth:  called   file

test:  exemplify repr (see also does not allow the cfn format .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  serializes   pulls
truth:  serializes   null

test:  install a gravatar email for specified email .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  ask the answer status .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  attempt to parse the function using the musicbrainz webservice .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  sets the default ruby for a default ruby ruby the default ruby for which to set as the default ruby .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   disconnected
truth:  set   ruby

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  assert that the response passed into the log rule .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  execute   unescapes
truth:  execute   rule

test:  verifies that the test is running .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  tests for the field fields to see if the underlying data field has the same way as the specified in a hash .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the given string or as root .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  returns a important from a filename .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns whether this cookie should be logged in the current context .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  check   knapsack
truth:  check   request

test:  get current family of a specified user .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  shortcut to start the game server .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  testing   belong
truth:  testing   hook

test:  calculate the mpd information criterion of mpd .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  return   facebook
truth:  return   pairwise

test:  save column order according to stripping columns .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  set   pandas
truth:  set   columns

test:  test dipole dipole index .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  test %save .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  list all the available cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  function decorator for benchmarks types on a function .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  given   duplicated
truth:  given   inference

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   support
truth:  plot   time

test:  convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   union
truth:  convert   domain

test:  split a path into components in a platform-neutral way .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  check for group of branches as a dictionary .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  ensure   decide
truth:  ensure   groups

test:  checks to see if the user has attained a sufficient exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   disconnect
truth:  pulls   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  match   assign
truth:  match   requests

test:  validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   statsd
truth:  validates   timeout

test:  encode a string to a null-terminated bytes .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  retrieves all ''pad values in this iterable .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  separate a code and also parse the docstring and creates a code and also parse the text to extract the same text .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get the cache key for the specified account .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  goes through the dictionary in dict d1 .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  tries   exposes
truth:  tries   values

test:  this function apply the lpar to every dimension in list of strings which apply the unify of the series/index is not a single item in list to slices .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  split and integer starts with replaceable .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  all valid doc .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  returns   grep
truth:  returns   formset

test:  excute -> slave_fd .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one valid stdout .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  use of hosts to optionally hosts that throw a list of hosts to make sure that the user ids .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  all values in a sequence are distinct .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  solves 1st order order order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the method u_2 .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  returns   decrypt
truth:  returns   solution

test:  get a vlan to a given location or locator .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return the text of a wavefunction tag .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  test datasetshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read crop data .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   header
truth:  read   crop

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  return the list of plugin at the given path .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  efficiently compute the histogram c .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  pulls   print
truth:  pulls   approximation

test:  parses a textual etags as a queue part and return a tuple of floats .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  open a file from a string to a tar file .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   reverses
truth:  iterate   services

test:  create and return a list of hosts servers .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   fortran
truth:  create   resolver

test:  read url and return content .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  reads   aliased
truth:  reads   json

test:  gram-schmidt as a celery application instance .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  configures   mutes
truth:  configures   app

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  get the directory of a file .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  test to ensure correct signature created before a column .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  make sure the time in the supplied time values are valid .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validates   choice
truth:  validates   formats

test:  compute the circular cosine matrix .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  generates   support
truth:  generates   time

test:  returns a metadata dictionary for the specified viewpoint .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  deletes a module map from the given object .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  add initial songs .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   remove
truth:  add   history

test:  convert a tuple into a tuple with sortexpression .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  return a db object .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   incorporate
truth:  return   cursor

test:  test when all elemwise inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  set up the 1-d interface to questions and commit it to a dict of changes in the persisted_block .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  calls   storing
truth:  calls   template

test:  returns the list of featured activity references .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  determine if the user stub is supported .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   reported
truth:  attribute   function

test:  connect to s3 and download the expired and expiration the bucket log file .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  connect   starred
truth:  connect   s3

test:  read a unbounded header line with a unbounded column .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  module   retrive
truth:  module   checks

test:  replaces counterpart all select with mid than one counterpart .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  append   assume
truth:  append   header

test:  runs the warnquota application .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the newline of a newline in the local source .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  converts a date string to a datetime object .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  return all pairs of an array at x .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  get the disjoint frame for a disjoint network .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  checks the list of enabled generation for this course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  check   control
truth:  check   generation

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   dispatch
truth:  multiply   operators

test:  decorator used to log and update the addition as the query result for the given object .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  pulls   exempts
truth:  pulls   pseudo

test:  compute the table to the vocabulary .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  computes   support
truth:  computes   time

test:  imports and returns the finder object from a finder directory .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  removes all users on the device cli example: .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   freezing
truth:  removes   configuration

test:  capitalize matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  capitalize   supports
truth:  capitalize   text

test:  gets the path to the % % on a path .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  turn off the ascii representation of url .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  returns the number of an md5 server available with the given server .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  store the value of a configuration section .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  copies   cause
truth:  copies   option

test:  generic function to format and return its blkid .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  enable maintenance off the boolean .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  disable   created
truth:  disable   mode

test:  verify if the given app using the specified data dict .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  checks   restoring
truth:  checks   data

test:  return the url to the bootstrap theme .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  write a trees in newick format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  decodes a string to a phone number .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  find the lists of the given list of initial value .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  get the number of instances and the offset .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   describes
truth:  set   offset

test:  convert string to hex escape escape .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  returns the path to a socket .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get files in a given directory .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  test of the melded runner to be set to the script .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  run   flask
truth:  run   times

test:  run a requests map from a given configuration against a list of requests .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  request   tracks
truth:  request   urls

test:  return rokhlins location of the elements with those that contains see also: .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  checks to see if pillar .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  test to ensure that warnings can be done as expected to test passes .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get the name of the current user containing the current request .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed to be removed .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   jitter
truth:  ensure   guest

test:  take a admx policy string as a dictionary of policy names and convert it to a query of policy data .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue or length cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  provide   enhance
truth:  provide   items

test:  get a flask-security configuration dictionary of select unique name for the given locale .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  if value is unavailable .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  get the double value commented by two llvm .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given integers c .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   dst
truth:  given   c

test:  returns name for gantt managers .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  set movie title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  convert an array of image to a numpy array with the same format .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  true if the named service is not enabled to start at boot .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  set up the base average .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return the machine architecture and kvm .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  return a list of distributions of the named family .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  get   scours
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   splitting
truth:  chop   surface

test:  gets limited parameter of the collection items assigned to the request .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  retrieve   consisting
truth:  retrieve   link

test:  track states and offer events for calendars .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   fitnesse
truth:  track   events

test:  return the token from http response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns the bfs edges in breadth-first-search from source .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  produce   descend
truth:  produce   edges

test:  split the first two lines of n elements in a directory and returns the corresponding unix timestamp .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  if value is a string .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  gets   constrain
truth:  gets   attribute

test:  if set to a token then return the default token .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  echo   separates
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features from a file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   caused
truth:  read   return

test:  splits a sequence to output_seqs_f form .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  empty   switch
truth:  empty   list

test:  flush postgis from asp email .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  flush   scaled
truth:  flush   queue

test:  concatenate a sequence of expressions into an expression .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  separate   import
truth:  separate   summary

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace note that the executed module will have full access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   tear
truth:  runs   module

test:  returns the maximum of an array along given axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  main entry point for ansible module .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  check if specified port is suitable for use as a port .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   requeues
truth:  get   sms

test:  returns a scheme .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  add   spyders
truth:  add   scheme

test:  a decorator to check if an object is a sqlite function .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  fake   map
truth:  fake   implementation

test:  compute the entropy of two arrays along given axis .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  calculate   feed
truth:  calculate   entropy

test:  return the encoding input from the given locale .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  compute the spectral deviation of the probability distribution .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   record
truth:  pulls   deviation

test:  allow github user to select github .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  view   intialize
truth:  view   root

test:  returns: list of 128 of the flags that are on the provider .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  returns the value of the one-way field that corresponds to the source_text of the string .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  change the default group of the user cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  transform a lowpass filter prototype to a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   hits
truth:  transform   filter

test:  calculates the *worder* list of the *worder* list of the graph that do not have the same set of function_type .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculates   repairs
truth:  calculates   correlation

test:  retry a function with a cheatsheet host .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return a dataset s for the specified package .
truth: given a package . 
test:  given   downloading
truth:  given   package

test:  returns the placementgroup object to connect to the placementgroup name .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a string of length as an ip address .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  input   restart
truth:  input   account

test:  check the oauth response to see if it has been changed .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a wsgi-compatible result for the given country .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   shared
truth:  issue   string

test:  generates url for avatar .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  return the queryset of unique status for a particular user .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  import module by name .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  try   tear
truth:  try   module

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   define
truth:  set   path

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  test sub-attributes census .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  tests   reported
truth:  tests   function

test:  fixture that yields a few test .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  provides   stays
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  download a file-like object to s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  execute a single grains set to all data loaded pillar .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  execute   xml
truth:  execute   runtime

test:  convert fs path to file system path .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible func using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   updates
truth:  runs   wsgi

test:  compute f**n representation of f to a in gf(p)[x] .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   algorithm
truth:  rotate   points

test:  creates a native list of changing changing the same class .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  show the version of ansi device .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  use   objects
truth:  use   show

test:  decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  creates an array of shape by the first local variable in the array that is of the expression given by the expression .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  a decorator that ignores exception_class exceptions .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list all grr .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  moment conditions for estimating quantile or method of the loglikelihood in mom .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  get the list of sequences that are slicing on cidr .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  compare two digests that are equal .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   optdict
truth:  clears   lines

test:  get a maximum with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns the server status for the given server usage .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the power_exp hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  recreq restful crud controller - used for imports & reports on map single-commodity .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  requests   switch
truth:  requests   list

test:  removes all es files from the given list of files .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  task that measures the part of an api using the api .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  ensure that the zmq for a zmq curve is present .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  bundled   trim
truth:  bundled   support

test:  if p has a file .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  is   sleep
truth:  is   files

test:  watch a user from the username .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  post   unsets
truth:  post   watch

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  checks   responds
truth:  checks   database

test:  render an providers .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  render   restoring
truth:  render   data

test:  compute the fix for event pca .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  add interpformat to a function .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   attacked
truth:  add   stats

test:  get the date from the provided date .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  delete a pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  if the container is not currently running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  return the last axis of the values in x .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  teardown the specified container container rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   satisfy
truth:  teardown   container

test:  parse path into python directory structure .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  check the meg type of meg type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  ensure   teardown
truth:  ensure   type

test:  attempt to find a null over the given stream .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  uninstall an flocker service from a list of flocker .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  given a memcache object .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  forces the messages in the given file handle .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  coerce a string to an iterable of integers .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  sets the feed of the request object .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  this function is invoked in a command line .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dump the private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   listen
truth:  dump   key

test:  extract the integer number of rsa from the rsa private_exponent .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test hash of evoked data .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  copy each line of the list of infiles to each outfile and delete them out of the list of infiles .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes a cloudwatch target .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  deletes   coupling
truth:  deletes   target

test:  clear all groups and their groups .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  verifies   decide
truth:  verifies   groups

test:  parse the dedicated from the mysql database .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  return a list of all detected directories on the master .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  represent an s3 url as a every request .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  make   tracks
truth:  make   urls

test:  loads an image from file system and downscales it as numpy array parameters im : ndarray array .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  compute   forwards
truth:  compute   image

test:  exeggcutess icon names on media root .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  pulls   resizes
truth:  pulls   icon

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  generator function used to wrap server .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  return the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   understemmed
truth:  merge   results

test:  sets the mysql model for every db .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  add assembly holes to composer .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  return true if the element exists and is present in the page .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  make sure validation .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  check whether policy is not using policy .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  look   enabled
truth:  look   nova

test:  mock configured backend and return the predicate .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  compute the symmetric tags from a binary array .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  return the given string with first words removed .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  return   outline
truth:  return   hex

test:  searching for sorting to select lines .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  update container metadata .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  detects entities in the file located in the given language .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  errors errors with an exception based on dns exceptions that the user identified by errors .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  decode string encoded in rfc 2231 .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decode   decomposes
truth:  decode   rfc

test:  display all repositories codes from the proxied .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  show an error message .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  a decorator that maps a subproject_slug url to a project .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled by course_key .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  wrap the save_config save_config .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  show the tenant status cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  get   append
truth:  get   tenant

test:  add a batch to the variable parameters var : variable holding a batch * the variable in the variable mark object to new variable .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  prepend   releases
truth:  prepend   axis

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  read a cluster file from a list of translate-toolkit alignment .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  get raw location .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  returns true if the given response has a given response .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  servicerecord add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   connect
truth:  decodes   entities

test:  same as int(ceil(float(x)/y)) .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  quotes the " and characters in a string and surrounds with " .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  pulls   learn
truth:  pulls   quotes

test:  helper to get all the processes that are assigned to the given namespace .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  extract messages from a specific set of comment objects .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   derive
truth:  extract   templates

test:  test to make sure that the html writer will not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  test a line with an equal labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sets grains .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  setting   forms
truth:  setting   result

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   based
truth:  expand   address

test:  sync all apps from all apps that are not already present in json .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   were
truth:  sync   property

test:  get a split account by name on the instance .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  retrieves   restart
truth:  retrieves   account

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  find   named
truth:  find   z

test:  given a utf8 message string .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  given   remounts
truth:  given   obj

test:  return the appropriate host message about the given process .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  format   throw
truth:  format   x

test:  test get_object function .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  test   install
truth:  test   response

test:  default get_id .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  register a pseudo function for basic modules .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   tear
truth:  add   module

test:  test checking the htmls to htmls report .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   serialize
truth:  test   str

test:  decrypt a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  decrypts   hover
truth:  decrypts   bytes

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   reported
truth:  mask   function

test:  loads a file from disk .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  take care in handling the tool shed features that are introduced as new tool shed features are introduced .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  debugging print the debug message .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  needed   pulls
truth:  needed   null

test:  returns a redirect url for the user .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  issue   asserting
truth:  issue   redirect

test:  reads named plugins .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   interpolated
truth:  returns   plugins

test:  breaking image size .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  increase   analyzes
truth:  increase   size

test:  render mako template as a string .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  wrapper around sorted_list_difference .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  escape state_changed as a dictionary of lists .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  dumps   talking
truth:  dumps   dict

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  decorator that checks numpy and cupy are equal .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  pulls   understemmed
truth:  pulls   results

test:  update a valid site from a site configuration .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  update   bench
truth:  update   value

test:  convenience function to connect to the database .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the messages for the given module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  returns the next item from the iterator to not running .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   pulls
truth:  disallow   null

test:  reshape -> string convert to a string and add it .
truth: if possible . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  slugify a numeric data structure .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  converts   rules
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  listening_ports listening_ports classes .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  retry a function that wraps a single arguments? backoff .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  executes   overlay
truth:  executes   func

test:  returns the product of the product of the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  convert set or sorted_children translations to key=value nodes .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual dvs associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get the number of digits .
truth: get the int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  return the list of active interfaces within a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  retrieve a formatted datetime object according to the rules specified in the crontab folder .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  retrieve feedback form for the current session .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters to truncate after a certain number of characters to be a certain number of characters to truncate .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  truncates   gauss
truth:  truncates   strings

test:  returns a set of tuples and numbers for a set of quantile .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  find the list of identity pool for an identity pool .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns the number of rounded to a rounded number .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  round   located
truth:  round   method

test:  parse a query string into a dict of parameters .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the response for both legacy and refresh views .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  decorator for copy_reg to comparison of images .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   indicating
truth:  compare   images

test:  given a flavor image key based on the instance .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  extract   forwards
truth:  extract   image

test:  return true if the named upstart is disabled in the filled folder .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  are   iterates
truth:  are   comment

test:  remove an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  gets package installed .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   hides
truth:  makes   pointer

test:  get all tasks that are in the other worker .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  convert output to file system .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  mark the value as already escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  generate a reasonable orders with x .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this method merges the text into previous node .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  removes   uncheck
truth:  removes   element

test:  create a new file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  process   pass
truth:  process   document

test:  get the open segment factors of a given range .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  make a string with an options according to the useful settings .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  run a module and return its object .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  place   mounts
truth:  place   objects

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to preserve order of the original list .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the size of the linux system .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  attempt   newlines
truth:  attempt   dimensions

test:  return the time corresponding to the cpu cpus .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  build a directory .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yaml: sitemonitor execute a sitemonitor build step .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  release the cache value of the module to remove its key/val .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  converts a dictionary of dictionaries or .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  returns   polling
truth:  returns   webob

test:  resource header for component views .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  header   enhance
truth:  header   items

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  from github issue sha1_hash[0:20] .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  login wrapper .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses input_spec and return the definition of a single cluster .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  rotate an int from a stream in the args .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   drill
truth:  execute   run

test:  makes a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  crop the image horizontally - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   forwards
truth:  crop   image

test:  lists all available locales cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  import a module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  create a network field from a given model type .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  least common multiple between 2 integers .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  pulls   assert
truth:  pulls   multiple

test:  get an instance of the appropriate vswitch for a vlan .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  given a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  upload upload data to file .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  download   daemonize
truth:  download   memcache

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   clip
truth:  create   record

test:  check for the existence of the module .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  returns a single channel from a string .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  person person person based on documents .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  upload files to a remote host using the selected host .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  takes a single json player entry and converts it to the categories of the requested categories .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  parses   compiling
truth:  parses   home

test:  given a series of hex digits and a series of the series .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  takes a list of value from a single item in a single string .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the desargues graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  frees a list of audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  same as contiguous .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  abs(z) := .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   saving
truth:  parse   feature

test:  returns the search rank of a given rating from the specified rating .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  extracts a capabilities list from a null-terminated header string .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  install and return any mistaken .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  pulls   blocking
truth:  pulls   outputs

test:  start : cast_expression .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  start   dst
truth:  start   c

test:  main must be stored to the device .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  use   multiply
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  choose   forwards
truth:  choose   image

test:  helper function used for testing .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  pulls   empty
truth:  pulls   attempts

test:  adds a new string to the default epytext .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  construct a dictionary describing the volume from a dictionary .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return iterator over a key function .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  completion for "cd" .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  escape all the values in iterable .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set the modules to the value .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  disable   tear
truth:  disable   module

test:  get the user count .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  verify that fqdn .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  get the sysctl parameter .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   format
truth:  get   parameter

test:  given a number of column and a replacement for each column .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  choose   parameterize
truth:  choose   integers

test:  if the user on a due date extension for a particular unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  sets   attempt
truth:  sets   extension

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a set of linestyle .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  test cross-validation without vispy .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  test io with mrk .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  returns a list of tuples to a string represent the django-badger stream as a dict .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  pulls   cleaned
truth:  pulls   configurations

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  if the extension is not a string .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  update a new computenode .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   restart
truth:  update   account

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  solves lap_sparse norm of a readable matrix .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  since a ansible ansible is quite a background .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  inserting   pulls
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a new message banner with the given banner .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  create   generating
truth:  create   shell

test:  clear the mckean-schrader statistic along the variables along the indices of indices .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  create a new thin thin thin .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  takes a list of dictionaries where the dictionaries of the dictionaries style is a single kim .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  pulls   leaving
truth:  pulls   cython

test:  approximation to the binomial quorum metric for a number .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  stops service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  return data for bookmark cookie .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   referenced
truth:  return   bookmark

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  registers a primitive primitive exporter .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   publish
truth:  output   graph

test:  verify that a string has an interval to be aborted .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  ensure   contained
truth:  ensure   snapshots

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  manages the signal handler from a signal handler .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  send a ad tasks .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  check whether the given node is in a special patterns .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   aligns
truth:  update   volume

test:  returns an array of colors that differ with the colors relative to the requested range .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  get the areal circle of the sides .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  determine whether the "follow" should be thanks to query the one of the attributes that was made up in the given verified .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a decorator that silences colors .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  convert to ansistring .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  used   forbid
truth:  used   options

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  test a qt decide class .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get region code based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   drops
truth:  make   call

test:  return list of active conferences .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a pep representation of a given django engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  get a list of tagged tagged files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  like dir() but writes the object to the graphics if there is none .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  returns the line offset where the line is the elected or the prefix of the given two a string .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  loads data from file .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  loads   optparse
truth:  loads   extensions

test:  to parse action file or return a list of cat data source .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  converts   labeled
truth:  converts   file

test:  register the required element to be out of a matrix .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  we get here from /clusterstatus .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  handle   knapsack
truth:  handle   request

test:  get a dict matching sync keys from a sorted iterator .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  fetch the gravatar email for a given gravatar .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  returns   coefficients
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  returns the chi-squared statistic along an axis .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  revoke the cuda challenge .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  revoke   assure
truth:  revoke   challenge

test:  standard log .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  clears internal redis cache .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns the number of net encoding needed for a given binary .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  turns   combined
truth:  turns   ipv4

test:  decorator that returns a method with a mutex lock .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the snippet of the available index page .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  get untranslated non-editable .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  get   stretch
truth:  get   language

test:  create a nd from the matrix exponential using taylor transform .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   sort
truth:  compute   exponential

test:  create a fake team .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  does the plugin module .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  computes the abs of a matrix a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  true if the node is an abstract class .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   downgrades
truth:  point   point

test:  keeps the sequence of paths back to the same paths .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  validates the tool of a setting .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  validates   solve
truth:  validates   settings

test:  creates an authsubtoken and sets the token value and scopes from the url .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  finds   shared
truth:  finds   string

test:  individual test .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts text to native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  takes   restoring
truth:  takes   data

test:  the random sampling .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the equation that invokes the equation mro to normal form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  return an ordered list of kinds for kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  pulls   rising
truth:  pulls   group

test:  if the mime-type of candidates from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  return the value of the appropriate ip address for the provided subnet list .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return a random string of random whitespace characters .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  return the list of all best services that have been loaded by the given service types .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  path to circle nodes from points .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  perform any limit and/or useful substitutions for character which is not bound to the strings .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  escapes a string for use in a requester .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  check that currently logged-in user has necessary permissions on the action used / referenced inside the rule .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  delete file from the system descriptor at a given size .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  convert a list of props to a list of dictionaries .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  static pages .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  copies the given archive to the one using the archive transform .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   updating
truth:  copy   archive

test:  returns the list of ipv4 addresses configured on ifname .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  write the book representation of the specified book .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  link   labeled
truth:  link   file

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   inhibit
truth:  get   label

test:  expect an role names .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  create a stateful where clause is pem and ctr ctr .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  ping the urls for an entry .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ping   tracks
truth:  ping   urls

test:  test installing from a package with a wheel .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  construct a unique uuid for a given mongo .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  format   squeezing
truth:  format   uuid

test:  creates a new post .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 sha .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the target of a given target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  determine   coupling
truth:  determine   target

test:  create and add a temp file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  test event ordering of events and eliot events .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   limiting
truth:  test   order

test:  trims a source file into two certs .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  decorator to create a list of file names in which they are in the order of a particular list .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  defining   preloading
truth:  defining   host

test:  gets all virtual_interfaces for instance and instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  returns the include: class for a given page id .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  check whether we can resize contained locally .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   autoencoder
truth:  update   xml

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  setup the linux gateway sensor .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  limit" s according to the pbkdf2 hash .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  does a view of the config files look up .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  check   usage_key_string
truth:  check   view

test:  configure old state to start with proxy protection .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  convert a given value to a unit number .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   throttle
truth:  convert   unit

test:  unpack a numpy matrix from bti file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   cleaning
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  return the data for the message as a dot file .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test working copy when a user has all sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  test   disconnecting
truth:  test   sudo

test:  append token url to the response .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  appends   compiling
truth:  appends   home

test:  ajax preview of posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  pulls   turning
truth:  pulls   posts

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   spin
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  takes a dictionary with the form and converts it to a string .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  retrieve the probability associated with a given name and column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  converts a text to a bytes object .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  returns a datadir cache directory .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  finds   define
truth:  finds   path

test:  translates url to the given namespace .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  delete a blob from the instance .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  create a userena_mugshot_path configuration object for the specified management server .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  create   freezing
truth:  create   configuration

test:  simple task to bind to the django management server .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  show the details from opennebula concerning a named vm .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  return the hierarchical clustering of the matrix .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   merges
truth:  return   clustering

test:  computes the maximum likelihood estimator of data .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  fft   pulls
truth:  fft   null

test:  dynamically load a class from a module .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  adapted   access
truth:  adapted   url

test:  returns true or false if the solution does not have a matching the solution .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  check   document
truth:  check   brackets

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   oriented
truth:  like   meth

test:  construct an object holding binary data .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  simulates a new ip address .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  performs   relying
truth:  performs   login

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  send a mime-type to a file .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  refresh   unquoting
truth:  refresh   environment

test:  check if we have running pyinstaller to run latex tests .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  creates a diagonal array from the flattened array with diagonal elements .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a list of boundary boundary boundary that are on the given nbunch .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   pack
truth:  returns   edge

test:  check if url is running .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get a fixed ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  tests notimplemented when determine_repo_dir() has loaddata .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   transliterate
truth:  test   variable

test:  compute polynomial exact pseudo-quotient of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  test that an empty encoding works .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  pulls   look
truth:  pulls   utf-8

test:  check that worktree is installed .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetches the commit key from the provided public key .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  download   listen
truth:  download   key

test:  get a loop note: this works in the given loop .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  view that logs out user .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  convert the value of a text into a message .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  attempt to determine if the given class has a metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  compute the euclidean norm of a polynomial f in k[x] .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  calculates   assuming
truth:  calculates   norm

test:  adds x characters to the null hypothesis .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  calculates   limiting
truth:  calculates   order

test:  escape a string with a backslashes .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  dijkstras algorithm for shortest paths david eppstein .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  python object wrapper for python 2 .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  ensures that the namespace is a tarball in the given path .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   denotes
truth:  create   tarball

test:  return a list of the schemas of schemas .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  return btrfs routing blkid .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  commodity channel index .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  insert the given node with the given parent mesh .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  generate a test name for a test .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  retrieves single metadata from instances dictionary and return it as a standardized metadata .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  update email preferences from the recipients list of user email .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  take a string and split it into a single space .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  separate   equalize
truth:  separate   email

test:  returns a list of constructor from a given module .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  reshapes an input variable without copy .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  decorator to compile a function signature .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  only runs on freebsd systems with pkg .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  module   fake
truth:  module   load

test:  walk a list of classes and find all the results in the same way as well as the prefixed string .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  del a mac ip address .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  called   remaining
truth:  called   lease

test:  get the gcode text of a file in a directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return predefined art name .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  dump   switch
truth:  dump   list

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  convert an ip address to a uuid .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   physicists
truth:  returns   suffix

test:  returns a dict with the specified number of authorities .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  provides   crop
truth:  provides   directory

test:  return the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   assembles
truth:  compute   coefficients

test:  return a mlp for a file .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   enhanced
truth:  transliterate   object

test:  generate a secure enough .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  compute   shared
truth:  compute   string

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create a symlink from the system path .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  link   profile
truth:  link   theme

test:  return path to the caffe executable of the executable script .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  formats size in bytes into human readable form .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  print   unmarshalling
truth:  print   sizes

test:  return the current doc .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  skew mu moment .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  is   signals
truth:  is   moment

test:  fixture to return a valid temporary directory path to a function .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  converts a diagonal matrix to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  write a fif spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   unlocking
truth:  write   source

test:  convert a number to a hex string if its the given number .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   outline
truth:  convert   hex

test:  return list of ppid of the current process .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  verify   explode
truth:  verify   processes

test:  parse a string according to an integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  tickets filtered by current user .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  filtered   point
truth:  filtered   status

test:  gzip the data into a string .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  return   removes
truth:  return   gzip

test:  render the data passing the functions and grains into the rendering system :rtype: string .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  return function discrete parameters x : 1d array .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  hash with the given models for the hash of cycles .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  works   concatenates
truth:  works   ordering

test:  create an existing retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   holding
truth:  create   policy

test:  return the path to the scripts that owns a given python documentation .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  convert points to a set of utm coordinates .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  check if a whitelist is a whitelist request .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  check   preloading
truth:  check   host

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   urlencode
truth:  log   item

test:  create a template from a file and return the context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  setup cover controlled by shell devices .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns the last item in a string .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   instantiate
truth:  returns   arguments

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  test end to end up without having to line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  close the connection to the proxy .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   label
truth:  attach   custom

test:  checks if locale is available .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  classify sequence of float numbers of length 3 and softmax .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  apply   fonts
truth:  apply   layer

test:  only load on windows .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  write the string to a file .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get movie time .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  map the generated html to an object .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  write   compile
truth:  write   documentation

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  return a list of the names of the specified role .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  lists   serves
truth:  lists   roles

test:  handles style_dir .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  load   unlinks
truth:  load   fixture

test:  shutdown a running system .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shuts   chew
truth:  shuts   service

test:  check for date in an image .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   thinks
truth:  attach   issue

test:  return true if the file info has proper commas .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load if the locale module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   pinned_array
truth:  load   execution

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a instance of a descriptor .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  computes the rate of the network that are on the specified rate module .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  pulls   format
truth:  pulls   parameter

test:  get an existing widget of a widget to move a widget to the primary widgets .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   parsed
truth:  handle   widgets

test:  scale and validate an image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  seen_union : const_value | const_map .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete all .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  return top five recommended brands .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  pulls   pyopenssl
truth:  pulls   convenience

test:  a salt or an inventory inventory .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  turn   adjust
truth:  turn   inventory

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  print a new stdout to stdout and write the result to stdout .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  deletes the clones .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  deletes   commit
truth:  deletes   repository

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   expose
truth:  delete   credentials

test:  converts a datetime to the tuple .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  kill a job to the given jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  determines if the split line is in the split line .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  encode a piece dbref .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  same as dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test reserved code raised in reserved .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  validate the supplied email address .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  checks   based
truth:  checks   address

test:  detect server to run on boot cli example: .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  test   reduced
truth:  test   cli

test:  return a list of valid ports based on strength date .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  unpack a dictionary-like to the appropriate archive filename .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  update volume type by name .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  instruct the amount of idle time to which a user can sleep for the application .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  displays   reloads
truth:  displays   amount

test:  compares the nervanagpu for two independent samples parameters fitresult : array_like .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  waits for multiple messages to be sent .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  pauses   allocate
truth:  pauses   user

test:  gets the difference between the candidate and the current configuration .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  resets   igor
truth:  resets   device

test:  compute squared norm of labels .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  internet method that works with the given pillar data .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  pass   cause
truth:  pass   option

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  sets options to be used as proxy-server .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  adds   expose
truth:  adds   credentials

test:  converts a numpy boolean array to a bool array .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  gets the current user .
truth: set g . 
test:  set   translated
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap the named container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  raise an exception .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  return memory since the number of memory in the passed in effect .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  produces the first character of the input prefix and returns the most appropriate string .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  replace   stores
truth:  replace   name

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   knapsack
truth:  perform   request

test:  chamber a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  set the given properties on a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  update   rising
truth:  update   group

test:  mount a file to the specified location .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  mount   embedded
truth:  mount   example

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  returns the thumbnail for the given image path .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  gets the long description for an application .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns parameter matching the regexp matching the regexp .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  return   compress
truth:  return   db

test:  binary representation of a binary string a binary string .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  generator that generates all possible elements from product .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  returns an approximate weighted cost format that are suitable for one of the nodes in g .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  generate the sample sample data for a file .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  upload   hostname
truth:  upload   vm

test:  returns a uniform binary matrix that maps the samples in the uniform .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  pulls   threshold
truth:  pulls   distribution

test:  serialize python object to json string .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the release group of an image .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  download   recommended
truth:  download   art

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  adds the given number of characters to the string .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  returns   parameter

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal method to connect to a new socket .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tsdb interface .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get repository dependencies from the database .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  imports modules .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that the printer computed even if the two utf8 components of barplot and not .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  make sure that symbols are valid expressions .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   deployed
truth:  make   symbols

test:  generate standard kindofgarch process for kindofgarch process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  simulate   prettify
truth:  simulate   process

test:  remove special characters from a dash name .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   thrusting
truth:  remove   space

test:  enroll student .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  enroll   equalize
truth:  enroll   email

test:  returns a list of forums .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  this algorithm is the first cyclic from a sequence of longest and the path is a list of sequence a list of sequence a list of dns indices .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  returns   persists
truth:  returns   subsequence

test:  attempt to determine if "asset_id" is given .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  updates list of comments in this document after a given document .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  update   fetches
truth:  update   parent

test:  return path to rss .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  get data from a fif file .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generates all global namespaces for the application .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  return   makes
truth:  return   namespaces

test:  if (to (to (to .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  require   delay
truth:  require   conda

test:  set a fake locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  registers the image extension .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  register   reallocation
truth:  register   collection

test:  return same-length using "pip for following partition .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  pulls   broadcasts
truth:  pulls   colorize

test:  fill file system module if the file is set to true .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  check   disabling
truth:  check   filenames

test:  set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  checks if the address represents an ipv6 address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  determine   shared
truth:  determine   string

test:  strips html markup from a string .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  installs a ruby implementation .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  pulls   disconnected
truth:  pulls   ruby

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  validates data .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  pulls   etc_services
truth:  pulls   sensors

test:  set global flag for the output: tests .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  keeps   skills
truth:  keeps   track

test:  made really state .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  pulls   challengenes
truth:  pulls   hooks

test:  calculate the weighted deviation from a list of choices frequency with choices .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  returns   fit
truth:  returns   choices

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   producing
truth:  retrieve   certificate

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  get the sqs conn .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  show user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   plan
truth:  show   profile

test:  convert a number of current thread to an rsync-compatible format .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  converts   appends
truth:  converts   add

test:  transform the arguments to a boolean value .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   boolean

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  save   labeled
truth:  save   file

test:  assembles a template that can be used as a dictionary .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  look   exception
truth:  look   macros

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  yaml: dry configure dry to provide slave ratio to another build process requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment dry plug-in .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  build image or ips .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  run   locked
truth:  run   build

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   removing
truth:  perform   parse

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system (same as os .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the score values .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   skipping
truth:  returns   score

test:  an existing characters in a string .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  make sure tuples are safe encoded .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  return a list of meters by a source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  elementwise sin function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  return a list of the words based on the input spaces .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  get   minpoly(add
truth:  get   words

test:  ask for a filename to be read .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   crop
truth:  ask   directory

test:  validate that the provided value is a valid vorbis string .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  goes   teardown
truth:  goes   type

test:  api: send a test to notification output .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  call c{f} with a warning directly .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  like advertise but returns true if gb is not nicer .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  return the class name for the suds object .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  get an elb node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  add single applescript auth to applescript .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  add   access
truth:  add   url

test:  formats the first character of a value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  validates that a visual object and a new object using .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validate   executed
truth:  validate   dictionary

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  shared   simulating
truth:  shared   input

test:  split the value of a tree into a tree of a tree node .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  returns a list of categories to be used to ordered by the database when excluded are provided .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   shifted
truth:  seek   units

test:  escape a string to escape special characters in a text .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   rms
truth:  escape   javascript

test:  element-wise cos function .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  send an carbon representation to a carbon server .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  remove eliot user from .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   filename
truth:  purge   organization

test:  list of users that the given user has the specified ids .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  separates   generate
truth:  separates   users

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  check to see if a virtualserver exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the marshallable for the given object .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  returns a serialization to guess for the given repository .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  called   inquire
truth:  called   tool

test:  compute the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points of x .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the copper data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  computes the shortest path lengths between all nodes in g .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   ip
truth:  compute   paths

test:  parse a field path without ambiguation .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  take   define
truth:  take   path

test:  set the host to enable the host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  create a new secgroup cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   enabled
truth:  add   nova

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a integers to integers .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  pulls   sleeping
truth:  pulls   price

test:  return all matplotlib figures for a given image .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  returns   parens
truth:  returns   figure

test:  creates a list of n bits .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   vms
truth:  are   thread

test:  function to construct a fuse and closing the index in a fuse .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  return true if the object is an object .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   enhanced
truth:  formats   object

test:  cm service request section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  returns the shape of the input expression .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   ensure
truth:  turn   prediction

test:  error handler showing list of available projects .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  show a map of legend from a map .
truth: map command . 
test:  map   authorizes
truth:  map   command

test:  disable the cli manager so that it will be moved to the actions of the current plot .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  handle   reduced
truth:  handle   cli

test:  turn a 2d byte sequence into a tuple .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  finds   newlines
truth:  finds   dimensions

test:  format a backward format for private format .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   mounts
truth:  find   objects

test:  returns a vpc with the valid tags in the vpc hierarchy .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  finds   fft
truth:  finds   vpc

test:  extract messages from a http msgids .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  change value of zeros of zeros .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  makes   xor
truth:  makes   scale

test:  creates a 3d figure with this sizes .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   parens
truth:  create   figure

test:  get the payload line for this machine .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  benchmark a sequence of benchmark urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  pulls   correct
truth:  pulls   async

test:  get the user preference for the given username .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  deletes   buckets
truth:  deletes   preference

test:  on each pager .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  get all profile classes from the given table .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  raise a warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  return class="selected" if file == same dimension .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  validate the such that no infront is always solves .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   pings
truth:  validate   behavior

test:  create a secure model instance with an currently-chosen model .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  given   populates
truth:  given   params

test:  detect modules with correct import .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  list role for a particular role cli example: .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  the javascript code for the given language code .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  test the corrmat of the distribution .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  get the file radius of a matrix .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  place an order by specified id .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  detach the specified policy to the specified principal returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached {attached: false} if the policy was not attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   holding
truth:  detach   policy

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the graphite feeder .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  use   exposes
truth:  use   values

test:  register a new old-style abstract class .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to reach a given status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  pulls   aligns
truth:  pulls   volume

test:  produce a between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   validating
truth:  produce   clause

test:  this sets up the networksegments to the specified fs .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get a list of github api for github pull request .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  encrypts the current message containing the appropriate password and encrypts it into a string .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  format   customized
truth:  format   salt

test:  return a list of common descriptors and kernel .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  separate es extensions with its extension replaced by adding extension extensions .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get the volume of sound .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  valid the inner function on a sorted list of start_pos .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  schema .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  compile the string for a additional .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  sends the given recipients with order invoice .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return information about a specified single config file cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  adds a task to the predicted group .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  returns the value as a unicode string .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   deconvolves
truth:  declare   level

test:  builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from a .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  determine whether this code is invalid for an open error .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  asserts whether two array_like objects are equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  compares   facebook
truth:  compares   pairwise

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   wanted
truth:  creates   filename

test:  requests a new user .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  sends   terminate
truth:  sends   password

test:  normalize an expression to be evaluated in a python expression .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  lambda   pulls
truth:  lambda   null

test:  search for a path for storing directory .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  gives   bench
truth:  gives   value

test:  this function takes a list of parent that we can merge this is quite a multiply the column name and the parent values for future .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  pulls   context
truth:  pulls   contact

test:  constructs and returns the scheduler entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   supplied
truth:  constructs   api

test:  execute a command and run its output .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  used for deprecated process .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  a helper function for the editor filter .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  tests   obj
truth:  tests   filters

test:  create an default bucket for use in configuring bucket .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  gets   enters
truth:  gets   bucket

test:  returns the mean of the list of all element in the list .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  assert that the reconstruction attribute of zeros are in same .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  prints s to stdout .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  compute time-frequency representation using source localization .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   grant
truth:  compute   power

test:  returns a byte string of random bits .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  flip   cyclen
truth:  flip   percentage

test:  mask the given secret which make requests are suitable for the given secret .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the unix timestamp for a given process .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  provides   prettify
truth:  provides   process

test:  rate a comment .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  convert an ordinal string to a value that is acceptable in a thread name .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  transform   enforce
truth:  transform   iri

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  adds a schema to the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  creates   evpn
truth:  creates   schema

test:  search for qt .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  paste   paging
truth:  paste   interface

test:  try to decide whether x is a power of the for e .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  limit   pulls
truth:  limit   null

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the perspective returned .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   pick
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick the disk driver driver .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  pick   widget
truth:  pick   libvirt

test:  model a case with explicit upload fails .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  set a key in dictionary format .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  return image label based on the image name .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  move a song playlist to the selected youtube name .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  delete   clean
truth:  delete   playlist

test:  initialize redis connection .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  starts   ellipsoid
truth:  starts   pool

test:  splits strings into a list of values .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  make   switch
truth:  make   list

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  returns a list of all the configuration fields for a configuration .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  documents the resource method and action .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  returns the cache object .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  notifies the changes applied by a salt job jid the job id to lookup config configuration name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  given a symbol object and a set of symbol .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  publish a topic to the given topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   stops
truth:  publish   topic

test:  unless the column parameter is not explicitly masked .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  restores a config zip file back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   labeled
truth:  restores   file

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  try to apply the pattern against all of the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  lookup   iuploader
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  creates a driver graph d from a dag .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  pulls   hash
truth:  pulls   flow

test:  make sure that the user can produce a newline support for the data contained in the error support .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  makes a view that map file to the response .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  get all of the system clock extensions on this system .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get entities in a particular set of points .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  load and return the plain key as a string .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  checks if a user is using the given password .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  returns   pick
truth:  returns   callback

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  download notification of a group .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  request   wrapped
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if a checker looks like it .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  load config file and fill config variables .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  validates   labeled
truth:  validates   file

test:  explicitly send a frame .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  get a list of replacement string by their translations .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  show the cassandra information for this cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  show   extract
truth:  show   version

test:  find the xml elements of a footnotes .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  upgrade all packages to a setuptools based on the result .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  creates an index type for the given key .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  represent an ipv4 address in ipv6 format xxx .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  provides   bench
truth:  provides   value

test:  returns true if cron is a cron user .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  return   loads
truth:  return   changes

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  verifies a custom cookie can be handled by the given cookie .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   modbus
truth:  verify   cookie

test:  prints an currently-executing message followed by an indented stack trace .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  add   indexes
truth:  add   snapshot

test:  returns the parameter data convention .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   extract
truth:  gets   version

test:  validate a valid color or raise exception if it cant be a valid color .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  return the produced error formatting and holiday note: this endpoint will collect all the produced formatting codes .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  formats   prioritized
truth:  formats   messages

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  check that a value is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  enable   unmask
truth:  enable   profiles

test:  deploy a file to the local path .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  deploy   roundrobin
truth:  deploy   application

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  write the config to a log file .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  logs   ssl
truth:  logs   errors

test:  adds the specified headers to the given vary header dict of vary .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  launch the url with frappe .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  invoke a single login to the login system .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  make   empty
truth:  make   attempts

test:  parameters and return the defined metadata for vsphere and str .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  test that use connections .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all files .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  read a list of sentences from the contents of a list or raise invalidgitrepositoryerror .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   instantiate
truth:  translate   arguments

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  base64 decodes a base64 string .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  check adding the file case to the file case case is case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  compile a function .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  given   batch
truth:  given   code

test:  compute the c-score hull endpoints between two points and x21 .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  compute a general fourier or cosine-type transform f(k) = a int_0^oo b*sin f(x) dx .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  converts a bcd value to a decimal value .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the sokal-sneath of the input from the fraction .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  creates   throttle
truth:  creates   unit

test:  return the attribute of an undirected matrix .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  compute   defines
truth:  compute   attributes

test:  extracts the list of strings from the given list of strings .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  randomly sampled model with consecutive probability vectors parameters d1 : ndarray the distance matrix of two arrays .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  pulls   iterator
truth:  pulls   kernel

test:  search for expected and typeconstraints .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  restful crud controller for current set of bus .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  computes the minkowski dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  testing when ziplines a threading is created .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return the status of changed via git .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  multi-dimensional correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   eliminates
truth:  list   elements

test:  return list of samples with specified rate module .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against one feedparser matrix parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  pulls   discover
truth:  pulls   closing

test:  indicates indicates a bail_out: bail_out: is sensitive .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this view provides a list of available security group .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  convert a string in yyyymmdd format to a 3339 datetime .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   evacuate
truth:  convert   precision

test:  context manager that enter the default app .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  setup   induce
truth:  setup   testing

test:  unquoting function .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  get the users dashboard dashboard distrib dashboard .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  validate that a string value is a valid html string .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  searches through the available explorations .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  registers a query class to be used in the registry .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  return a list of mappings representing all containers in a dictionary .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  check for each line modified in-place -> f1 .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns true if the given path does not exist .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  just prints the most recent demo .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  print   highlight
truth:  print   row

test:  get a partition of a partition .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  return   rotated
truth:  return   partition

test:  return a list from a list .
truth: get slug . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a csv containing all students students on a course containing all students grades and upload the csv for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  cleans an http request to the device .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  clean   access
truth:  clean   url

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return original location of sample ids based on samp id .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set the id and element value .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   named
truth:  set   z

test:  set or densities a specific hostname .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  getprime:long contour factory to convert matplotlib to an n timestamp .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  retrieve instance type by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  common implementation of a file with a callable .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  caches   pulls
truth:  caches   null

test:  search by name for services with the given service .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   redirecting
truth:  search   entity

test:  separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   reported
truth:  separate   function

test:  solve solve solve a previously run against a list of polynomials or a single input .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  function for failure in the struct format .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  create a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  creates   listen
truth:  creates   key

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   whiten
truth:  get   computenode

test:  tests that the list/queryset function simply we properly with seed and the same way .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return the path to the directory that will use .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a timestamp to integer or float like 1w3d6h .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  adds the specified headers to the given vary header .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  every value in seq .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  returns a list of rank of the frequency in random iterable of radius .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  determine if a vlan is configured to an ip address .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  return true if the namespace is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns the the global options used as a dict .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   forbid
truth:  returns   options

test:  check if installed .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  converts a python string to a unicode string .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the path to the directory of the given segment .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  get   fill
truth:  get   pathname

test:  parse a string to a list of strings .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  get   results
truth:  get   keywords

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  traverses generation of performing a bug in online .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  fixture   unlinks
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator to define a function that applies django depends on the given depends .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  decorates   write
truth:  decorates   dependencies

test:  perform the operation on the operation .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  execute an icmp command to call to the system version .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sets the attribute on a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  poll task ids and returns a dict whose keys are tasks .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  retrieve   inverts
truth:  retrieve   statuses

test:  populate a single object .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  pickle   enhanced
truth:  pickle   object

test:  be used to check the tree to see if the one of the tree is available .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  parse   files
truth:  parse   check

test:  read a packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  converts   talk
truth:  converts   packet

test:  returns the current environment version .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  true if an obj appears to be proxied .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a genericimagedatasetjob genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  generate   uncheck
truth:  generate   element

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  basic example .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  testing   exposes
truth:  testing   values

test:  update asset information .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  update   populating
truth:  update   info

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  setup iframe livestreamer livestreamer .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  creates   command
truth:  creates   session

test:  decorator to skip test if lms is false .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  check if server handled is handled .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  pulls   widgets
truth:  pulls   responses

test:  get the matrix notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  returns the network device modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   constrained
truth:  returns   functions

test:  answers to debconf questions for each package in the tagged format:: {package: .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  if the diff does not update its contents .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  normalizes a numpy array for testing .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  flowgram language setting for given language .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  hikkake pattern .
truth: advance block . 
test:  advance   converted
truth:  advance   block

test:  test event validator .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  add a energy if it is present .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  adds   init
truth:  adds   modules

test:  checking and required to access a notebook .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   optdict
truth:  write   lines

test:  get list of supported classes .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  have   inhibit
truth:  have   label

test:  get the llvm llvm functions .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  sign a string signature .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   shared
truth:  sign   string

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  retrieves single group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  take an item types and return a dict of the values of an instance .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  test hermite cardinal .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  run cmd with an exit code .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  function   authorizes
truth:  function   command

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  updates a certain hash of the nova quota cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  returns a dict containing the base64 format for a complete set of images .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  return the class of the wireless that the user is currently ['kernel'] .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  reload the cached localzone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   pulls
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that precision is a multiple of 0 .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   evacuate
truth:  check   precision

test:  if self is not viewdefaults .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  return true if exe is a python package .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  exit [<code>] exits twill .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the display from an installrequirement and try to the given tag .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  query   signs
truth:  query   display

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   extract
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set or specified locks to or or specified entity .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  change   grouping
truth:  change   system

test:  raises an exception if the supplied string is too long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  check for import .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   enabled
truth:  check   nova

test:  block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  block   igor
truth:  block   device

test:  the proposed objects are copied from the given module .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  computes decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of complex paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  expect a set of warnings .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  write files to files in this package .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  export   sleep
truth:  export   files

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  apply data on the unwrappedlines .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  alpha_n from here to work with metadata or file .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   formatted
truth:  compute   rate

test:  x: a theano variable of the gradient along a given axis .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  render a widget of a admin widget .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  render   reserializes
truth:  render   widget

test:  private function to list contents of a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   bartels
truth:  function   contents

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  test   flip
truth:  test   python

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  convert a file size in byte to a human readable format .
truth: formats size . 
test:  formats   analyzes
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  list quota to install a volume .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  list   aligns
truth:  list   volume

test:  encrypts and left-strip .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  -   access
truth:  -   url

test:  connect to a string and make it usable on each server .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  try to get rid of unicode characters .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  see   flattens
truth:  see   output

test:  update addons+collections session when fsl_course a repository .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   command
truth:  update   session

test:  return list of the server layers cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns an partial or a byteenumfield for the guid minimize .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  like dict_to .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  look for a course cohorts and return the set of cohort settings .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  simple weighted sum of the loss function .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  check   uploads
truth:  check   factorization

test:  get public certificates for use with the images .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  get   gunzip
truth:  get   certificates

test:  adds media objects to media stream .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  helper to morph using a stc stc .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  pulls   unlocking
truth:  pulls   source

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  test install a local setup with no setup .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  run flocker-volume .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  split a keyword string into its respective parts .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  split   testsuites
truth:  split   keyword

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  resolve a sinks to all the paths that are present .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  write message to the beginning .
truth: output a string . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  create the root directory for the given request .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  pulls   decompile
truth:  pulls   wiki

test:  get vlm_media instance title instance title by title or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  merge two lists into a single path where each other are 1 .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  merge   unescaped
truth:  merge   entries

test:  resolve a namespace name to a namespace .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  returns a unique file name .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  take a string and return a pair .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  takes   enroll
truth:  takes   iterator

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  verify the specified cron command for the specified user .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  get a md5-based class from a django-badger frame .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  warn about iers .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  generate   eventlet
truth:  generate   warning

test:  list all the details that are configured on the client .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parse the command line options :returns: a options manager :rtype: dict .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parses   forbid
truth:  parses   options

test:  given the directory of the autotest_remote client used to run a profiler .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   be
truth:  parses   acl

test:  compute univariate polynomials over finite fields .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   combine
truth:  evaluate   transformation

test:  creates and returns the push script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   retrying
truth:  is   compatibility

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   responds
truth:  updates   database

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  function decorator that returns a string representing time in seconds .
truth: run some function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  setup the itunes binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert a native set to a python set .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  find the new user ddir file and return its path to .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  list floating ip addresses .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  list   adict
truth:  list   pools

test:  return path to the file .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  add interfaces specified interfaces to zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  bind   paging
truth:  bind   interface

test:  create a message .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  display   draft
truth:  display   prompt

test:  mark a scheduled task .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  remove   reserializes
truth:  remove   widget

test:  updates the player .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  pulls   relying
truth:  pulls   login

test:  removes the string remove from the right of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  write statistics for a gcode file .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  recursively move a file or a directory to another .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  returns the percentage of the elements in an iterable .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  sum   eliminates
truth:  sum   elements

test:  returns a json representation of websocket .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  safely update allocated to a quota and update it .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  apply a dns entry point to a specified model .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  allocates   simplifying
truth:  allocates   range

test:  write mapping checkpoint .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  write   understemmed
truth:  write   results

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  return list of tuples of strings required to views that can be passed to views .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  create a continuous random source code based on the given value .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a boto connection for the service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  get all volumes .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  test if a 3d vocabulary is completely dimension .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  multiply the transpose of the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  applies   looking
truth:  applies   operator

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   marking
truth:  lists   qos

test:  given a path to the operating dests file for a path .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  find   sleep
truth:  find   files

test:  test plugin for media plugin .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  method decorator to add local data to local or retry retry their respective parameter names .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  plugin   float
truth:  plugin   decorator

test:  tests a creation for a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  return the covariance matrix x and labels .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  compute   centers
truth:  compute   labels

test:  verify that a dict of keys are valid .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create an volume volume from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  cached cached matrix is an empty collection that doesnt yet think .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  creates   analyze
truth:  creates   copy

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  write 3 byte integer tag .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   linkify
truth:  write   integer

test:  remove a cluster from the postgres server .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  remove   joins
truth:  remove   cluster

test:  for the current local file .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  converts a and b to a .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  pulls   cancels
truth:  pulls   typeerror

test:  execute a shell command .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  given a list of results .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   interfacing
truth:  remove   axes

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  returns single archive containing the submissions .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   enhanced
truth:  imports   object

test:  comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   bails
truth:  comapare   phrases

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   eliminates
truth:  extract   elements

test:  set the previously saved indentation level .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  register an entry to the cache can be filled with a specific registry .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  compute hilbert vertices of a tensor at the integer n by one .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   dumps
truth:  compute   signal

test:  lower(s) -> string return a copy of the string s with upper case characters converted to lowercase and vice versa .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  returns the given url according to: url rules for ajax a url .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  parse the json-encoded expression to a usable expression .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  get   lowercases
truth:  get   verbose

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  ensures   advised
truth:  ensures   commands

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   rising
truth:  associate   group

test:  delete post data from the user .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  exposes   located
truth:  exposes   method

test:  simsam : biom range files to set haystack_identifier_method data files .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  applies   simplifying
truth:  applies   range

test:  the contribution will return the dict for the plugin .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  set the local subnet on or off cli example: .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  test sensitivity and a single specificity depending on an array of ignored .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   centers
truth:  test   labels

test:  estimate beta function .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  use   increment
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse the virtual site tree .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   handles
truth:  parse   site

test:  return common extension in path .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  remove a wsgi intercept call for host:port .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   drops
truth:  remove   call

test:  adds a message with the info level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  given a filename .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  tests   wanted
truth:  tests   filename

test:  a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  computes the length of the widget length .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  detect   batch
truth:  detect   code

test:  compile environment variables from warning! to install :return: .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  compile   unload
truth:  compile   client

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  validate the value of an auth uri .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   offset
truth:  validate   parameters

test:  returns a a copy of a newly or a .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  returns a uint value .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  set the subtitle video scaling .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   intercepts
truth:  set   subtitle

test:  cache project .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  cache   determine
truth:  cache   projects

test:  returns true if the given filename matches the given patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  check   config
truth:  check   patterns

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   deflate
truth:  connect   config

test:  decodes a string containing the encoded preferred preferred locale .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  generate a example certificates for a course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  start   lstrip
truth:  start   set

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test installing with correct scripts .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  handle a single intact .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  delete   draws
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  returns a relative path to a base .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  override the following fields: version of sphinx .
truth: format sys . 
test:  format   inputhook
truth:  format   sys

test:  returns a 2-d array .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  separate an "name" navigation navigation .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  wrap   trivial
truth:  wrap   connection

test:  compute overlap .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   attributes
truth:  given   arrays

test:  check to see if a package version has a viewfinder version for the specified epoch .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set a directory for the requested mkdir .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  ensure a ensure option is present .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  ensure   currents
truth:  ensure   state

test:  attach a total points counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  marks a given user_id_or_name .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  deletes   restoring
truth:  deletes   data

test:  publish an exploration .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   coordinates
truth:  pulls   exploration

test:  lookup up all cyclic parameters .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  computes the squared kinetic of the mean of a matrix parameters vel : bool the upper examples: .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  generate the module for a given python file .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  context manager that simulates the current default app for all datasets .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  search for a section of section about a section .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  parameters obj - the object to be checked returns validator - returns true .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  filename   enhanced
truth:  filename   object

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   iterate
truth:  returns   auth

test:  this method updates the predicted page@require .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  retrieve a list of users .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  reads   executed
truth:  reads   dictionary

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of the given module .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  creates rpc object for use with the blobstore api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  gives the default access key for an instance of a script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  attempt   emit
truth:  attempt   access

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  top top five function expansion .
truth: given data x . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  get the pid of a process id cli example: .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  returns   snaps
truth:  returns   pid

test:  get the top data directory cli example: .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  run a command on a port .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  monkeypatch   extract
truth:  monkeypatch   version

test:  allow for ctrl-c .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  take   restart
truth:  take   account

test:  given the path to a symlink directory .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  figure   stores
truth:  figure   name

test:  create the brocade logger .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  wrap a call to the reactor .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  adds   statsd
truth:  adds   timeout

test:  create a tuple from a json file .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  create a that displays a pending behind it uses the input values .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  deprecated: do not yet use a baremetal node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  returns a valid primary key for a python string .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  wrap the tests in the templates of the same test methods .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  runs   flask
truth:  runs   times

test:  this function returns the maximum of an array or in a given axis .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  check whether all of the course fields have been published on the course .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  compute the inverse hankel transform of f(s) over the fundamental hankel .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   labels
truth:  compute   transform

test:  like unicode .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  call   serialize
truth:  call   str

test:  set the css of css .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  convert a git brightness units to deeper using a different datatypes .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  defines   exhaust
truth:  defines   conversion

test:  return true if the object is an instance of a class .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  make a bridge that blends from color .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  produces   representing
truth:  produces   specification

test:  create an image file name .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   shuffle
truth:  creates   temp

test:  return grade class .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  get   splitting
truth:  get   surface

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns true if we can introspect this field from a given regex .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  if the given plugin has a valid restart with the provided title and save it to the specifed args: restart : the correct title error .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  saves   identifies
truth:  saves   plugin

test:  return etc_services information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  update available modules .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   init
truth:  set   modules

test:  return a mask to a mask the same value against a isnan .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  compute   blend
truth:  compute   mask

test:  extracts the interquartile range from a video app .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  create a new class for the given default name .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert text into an rcode .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   patched
truth:  add   y

test:  checks whether a phone number is a valid number for the region .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  returns the actor of a given actor .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   noise
truth:  returns   macos

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as an event .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  register   rescales
truth:  register   event

test:  get all available widgets widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  prepare a wmt file corresponding to com and train the training getcrypter function .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  display invitation error message .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  given binary .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  put   pulls
truth:  put   null

test:  generate a g_{n from a file of node as a list of node ids .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return a babel decimal instance for the without calling locale .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  split an expression parts into a list of strings .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   craft
truth:  split   expr

test:  create a new pmap field from a configuration object .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  push a copy of the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  accepts a c key as a dictionary .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  dump   unquoting
truth:  dump   environment

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier bezier bezier bezier bezier bezier operation .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   logs
truth:  generate   vertices

test:  cram if text ends with a maximum of characters .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  build a galaxy location given system path to lun lun .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  make a tarball .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  create loops of loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   reproduces
truth:  create   loops

test:  unary_expression : plusplus unary_expression cast_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the number of pages based on the hqe .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  computes   preloading
truth:  computes   host

test:  build a query from the list of possible documents .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   blocks
truth:  build   representation

test:  set the metadata of a range based on the positive side of the load side .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  set   simplifying
truth:  set   range

test:  when importing a path .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  run the given string .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  plot a single plot of the current axes .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  decorator to skip test if svd is false .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to configure the probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   tear
truth:  calls   module

test:  returns a short key for the given encryption key .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  builds   stubbed
truth:  builds   headers

test:  clears the notice/expiration remap from the empty unicode .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   phred
truth:  clears   caches

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is no arguments .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   summarize
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  generates a random sentence-like string of specified length .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  checks that an exception is raised by callable_obj .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  fail   shed
truth:  fail   exception

test:  run func with a function and return its results .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  restart   drops
truth:  restart   call

test:  find all tests in the given prefixes .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a dotted path for a dotted module and the dotted lie class .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  loads   safe_octal
truth:  loads   class

test:  gpu convolution gradient with respect to weight using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  decorator for concrete volume channel zone manager drivers .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  pulls   trending
truth:  pulls   driver

test:  returns the string representing the supplied encoding .
truth: some functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  entry point for the script execution .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong classifier .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  returns a right-stochastic representation of a directed graph .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  generate   preface
truth:  generate   degree

test:  return the install metadata for a linked package in the given prefix .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   clearing
truth:  return   meta

test:  validate the tax number for an xfs number .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  validate   sparks
truth:  validate   number

test:  return the tetrahedral graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns data for prior to the specified path .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return major version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test that the boot group has visibility instances .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  url   pulls
truth:  url   null

test:  check whether obj represents a changed live other .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  check   remounts
truth:  check   obj

test:  parses the accordance from the like the device .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  compute   raise
truth:  compute   term

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  determines if n is a max_episode_steps of p .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  take a scalar python value and return a string representing the corresponding python 3 .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  try to split and return a string with title and titles .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  converts a new text to a form that only uses the primary .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  creates a directory and doesnt exist .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the organization datasources .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  send an open or a qaction object to the given parent directory .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  returns a list with the collections .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  check if csv file contains valid csv files .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  ensure   stored
truth:  ensure   #

test:  check for profitbricks configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extracts a value from an http form .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  turn on root handlers to python .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  replace   backported
truth:  replace   handlers

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   expect
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the openweathermap sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   temperature
truth:  displays   date

test:  validate a storage list .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validates   switch
truth:  validates   list

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  loads the object from the given item and returns it as a dictionary .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   define
truth:  load   path

test:  check for the existence of the package .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  obtain a lock from the first call to hog .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  finds   search
truth:  finds   d

test:  return the latest version of the latest version of the latest page .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  check if object is an object .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  translate an application identity to an identity identity value .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   capturing
truth:  translate   error

test:  dynamically load the given class from the given path .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  calls callback in a function and run it on the logging in a thread .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  export stats for use as a string to export a single channel .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  stats   been
truth:  stats   format

test:  delete an image from gce .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  handles bom parse and de-serialize it out python 2 .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts val so that its safe for the old style dictionary passed in html .
truth: get opt . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  ensures that a grain is set to the given object .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  convert a number of derivatives to a string of binary strings .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  translate   sparks
truth:  translate   number

test:  updates global state when a task is reserved .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   currents
truth:  updates   state

test:  a view that implements cspreport for whole file .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  check whether log translations are not log .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   prioritized
truth:  -   messages

test:  build a worker worker to reset all outstanding worker with the same sources .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a list of a folder start with a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  construct volume types from volume .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  constructs   aligns
truth:  constructs   volume

test:  compare two arrays by cupy .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  loads the module .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  reset scores for a user .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  set   mocks
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a list to a list for the binary representation .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  wrap a service so it gets turned into command automatically .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   advised
truth:  wrap   commands

test:  build a crude offset object from a passed in .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  builds   utf-8
truth:  builds   argument

test:  returns true if this xblock has required keys that require missing and cluster_name .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   bdecodes
truth:  returns   xblock

test:  return a list of names from a given file .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  opens   wanted
truth:  opens   filename

test:  update the dmg makefile .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   tabulate
truth:  update   makefile

test:  return a list of the nameservers and macos for each run_in_executor() .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  identify the ordereddict of buttons .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  loop   disallow
truth:  loop   identifiers

test:  returns the message from messages .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the qos objects .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  count the number of characters in printable .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  kill the pid of a process .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  kill   snaps
truth:  kill   pid

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  given a file with a dictionary of the mapping each obtained .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  processes   switch
truth:  processes   list

test:  checks if a string is a jid .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a command line options for a given cluster .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  obtain   joins
truth:  obtain   cluster

test:  example action using patched .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns true if the field has a valid errors field .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  register a new function to be called upon if the current session has been active .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  tests whether the array are a list of ints .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns link-local solicited-node multicast address for given address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  generates a paths to be sent to a particular endpoint .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  generates a random string of random word .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  return tuple of arrays containing slice objects for the dimension type .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  slice   releases
truth:  slice   axis

test:  adds {'query' to a url to the {'query' page components .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  perform batch of batches of data .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  extracts every ebs elements from the given list of tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  recreate   switch
truth:  recreate   list

test:  execute command to subprocess .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the base domain part of the url as a dictionary .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  allow classpath to be used to override a group of average_precision_score .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using subquery eager loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   dotted
truth:  indicate   relationship

test:  return a list of all python files under a folder .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test the top_filters function .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  rotate a client to an int .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   unload
truth:  execute   client

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  get the sqlite3 options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  get the list of all self of the given container .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  split   labeled
truth:  split   file

test:  convert numpy coordinates to column coordinates .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  get   mutate
truth:  get   column

test:  return ndarray x by length .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  normalizes arrays horizontally .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  given two logs .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  creates a web site url .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  convert an image to a gapic .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

